Battle Through the Heavens

Li Hu also known as 天蚕土豆 Heavenly Silkworm Potato

Synopsis
In a land where no magic is present. A land where the strong make the rules and weak have to obey. A land filled with alluring treasures and beauty, yet also filled with unforeseen danger.  Three years ago, Xiao Yan, who had shown talents none had seen in decades, suddenly lost everything.  His powers, his reputation, and his promise to his mother. What sorcery has caused him to lose all of his powers? And why has his fiancee suddenly shown up?

Chapter 1:Genius No More
"Dou Zhi Li(1) 3rd stage!"
Facing the Magical Testing Monument as it displayed the 5 big hurtful words the youth stood expressionless lips curled in a small self-ridiculing smile. He tightly clenched his fist and because of the strength used his slightly sharp fingernails dug deep into the palm of his hand bringing brief moments of pain.
"Xiao Yan Dou Zhi Li 3rd stage! Rank: Low!" Beside the Magical Testing Monument a middle-aged man looked at the results on the monument and announced them with an indifferent voice.
Immediately after the middle-aged man finished speaking without much surprise the people in the square started a commotion ridiculing him.
"3rd stage? Hmmhmm as expected. This "genius" has once again taken a step back."
"Ai this piece of trash really disgraced his entire clan."
"If his father wasn"t the clan leader this kind of trash would already have been kicked out of the clan. Nobody would care about him and there wouldn"t be such a thing as leeching off the clan home."
"How could the once famous genius of Wu Tan Cheng(2) fall to become like this over the past few years?"
"Who knows? Maybe he did something unforgivable and caused the gods to get angry."
The ridicule and laughter directed at him came from all directions and resonated in the motionless youth"s ears as if piercing his heart. He could not help but breathe heavily.
He raised his head to reveal a delicate and immature face jet black eyes glancing past the people of his age that ridiculed him as well. His lips which were previously full of self-ridicule turned to fill with bitterness instead.
"These people were they always this cold? Or was it because three years ago they smiled humbly to congratulate me and now they wanted to take it back?" Smiling bitterly Xiao Yan turned around and silently walked back to the group of people. His lonesome figure seemed to be unable to fit in with the surroundings.
"Next up Xiao Mei!"
Hearing the tester"s voice a teenage girl quickly ran up from in the crowd. The moment she got on stage the murmurings and discussions quietened down and every pair of fiery eyes were locked on her face.
The teenage girl wasn"t more than 14 years old. Although her beauty wasn"t immediately evident her small childish face combined with her innocence captured the attention of the audience.
She quickly stepped forward and put her tiny hands on the black stone monument. She then closed her eyes gently.
As the girl closed her eyes the monument shined brightly once again.
"Dou Zhi Li 7th stage!"
"Xiao Mei Dou Zhi Li 7th stage! Rank: High!"
"Yeh!" Hearing the tester read out the result the teen girl smiled proudly.
"Tsk tsk 7th stage Dou Zhi Li. How impressive! At this rate in three years she"ll be named a true Dou Zhe(3) already."
"She really fits the name of the clan"s seedling."
Hearing the unanimous praise coming from the crowd the girl"s smile turned even wider. Vanity the temptation that so many girls are unable to resist...
While chatting with her fellow sister members her line of sight weaved through the surrounding people and landed on a lonesome figure away from them.
Furrowing her brows for a while she finally decided against walking over. Between the two of them was already a huge gap. Looking at Xiao Yan"s performance these past few years by the time the Adulthood Ceremony comes he would only be able to place at the lower tier clan member ranks. She however with her brilliance would become the clan"s very important and thus well-nurtured fighter. There would be no limit to her future.
"Ai..." An inexplicable sigh emerged from her. Xiao Mei thought back to the youth from three years ago bursting with energy and pride. At 4 he started practicing and at 10 he achieved the 9th stage Dou Zhi Li. At 11 he broke the 10th stage Dou Zhi Li barrier and condensed his Dou Zhi Qi Zu(4) successfully. He became the youngest Dou Zhe in the clan since the past 100 years.
At that time his self-confidence as well as immeasurable power attracted countless young teens which of course included Xiao Mei.
However the path of a genius was always winding. Three years ago this genius youngster whose fame reached the absolute top received what could possibly be the cruelest blow. The hard work he put into acculmulating and condensing the Dou Zhi Qi Zu over the past ten years had in just one night vanished into nothingness. All the Dou Zhi Li in his body slowly dissipated with time and instead pity for him grew.
As a result of losing his Dou Zhi Li his physical strength decreased as well.
From the position of a genius in one night he fell below the average person. This kind of blow made the youth lose his will to carry on training. The reverence once associated with this lad had slowly changed into disdain and ridicule.
Standing so high up and falling right down - this kind of fall might just be one that he could never recover from.
"Next Xiao Xun Er!"
Among the commotion the tester"s voice sounded yet again.
Following the calling of this highly reputable name the group of people quietened down immediately. Every single gaze turned.
At the centerpoint of attention was a teen girl clad in a purple dress elegantly standing there. Her calm tender and immaculate face was completely unaffected by the many gazes of the crowd.
Her calm and indifferent attitude could be compared to the blooming of a lotus. At such a young age she already had the air of a refined lady. It would be hard to imagine how she would affect the city and the nation once she grew up.
This purple dress girl if compared to Xiao Mei in terms of beauty was clearly several leagues above. It"s no wonder the crowd would have this kind of actions.
Taking small graceful steps the girl named Xiao Xun Er walked up in front of the stone monument. She stretched her small hand out and the purple sleeve mixed with black and gold threads fell down her arm revealing a delicate snow-white wrist. She touched the monument lightly.
In the silence the monument shone once more.
"Dou Zhi Li 9th stage! Rank: High!"
Looking at the words on the monument the entire square fell into deep silence.
"...... She really reached the 9th stage how frightening! The position of the youngest high rank in the clan has been taken without a shred of doubt by Miss Xun Er!" After the silence several teens couldn"t help but wolf whistle their eyes full of respect and awe.
Dou Zhi Li was essential towards being a Dou Zhe. Dou Zhi Li is split into 10 different stages and when the body acquires 10 stages of Dou Zhi Li it can better condense the Dou Zhi vertex becoming a well-respected Dou Zhe!
In the crowd of people Xiao Mei stared at the purple dress girl in front of the monument with a little jealousy.
Looking at the results on the monument the middle-aged tester who would normally be indifferent smiled faced her and congratulated her: "Miss Xun Er half a year later you should be able to condense the Dou Qi vortex(5). If you succeed you"ll be a Dou Zhe at the age of 14 the second person to do so in the Xiao clan.
Of course the second person. First would be the fallen genius Xiao Yan.
"Thanks." The teen girl nodded her head lightly her calm face showing a little happiness because of his praise. She quietly turned and in the midst of the crowd"s attention slowly walked to the downtrodden youth in the back of the group.
"Brother Xiao Yan." At the youth"s side the teen girl stopped. She faced Xiao Yan and bowed respectfully. Her beautiful and gentle face showed a elegant smile which would make the surrounding girls jealous.
"What qualifications do I have right now for you to call me that?" He faced the girl that could be considered the clan"s radiant pearl and said bitterly. She after being down-hearted for an extremely short while continued to maintain her respect.
"Brother Xiao Yan you once said to Xun Er(6) before - to take on anything one must first be able to let go. One is only truly free when he can take on and let go easily(7)." Xiao Xun Er said gently her smiling face full of warmth.
"Haha truly free? I only know how to say it. Look at me now do I look like a free person? This world wasn"t mine to begin with." Xiao Yan laughed at himself saying dispiritedly.
Facing Xiao Yan"s somber mood Xiao Xun Er"s fine brows furrowed a little and she said seriously: "Brother Xiao Yan though I don"t know what"s happening to you Xun Er honestly believes that you will stand again and reclaim your lost glory and respect..." She stopped for a moment her white tender face reddening a little. "Back then there were a lot of people who were attracted to you..."
"Haha..." Hearing the girl"s whole-hearted truth he laughed awkwardly but didn"t say anything else. Other people would be swayed by it but he did not have the qualifications nor the mood. Instead he silently turned around and walked away from the square.
Standing still and facing the lonely back of the youth she hesitated for a while before chasing after him and walking side-by-side with him. Meanwhile from behind a jealous wolf whistle sounded(?).






Chapter 2:Dou Qi Continent
The moon was like a silver plate and the stars filled the sky.
At the summit of the cliff Xiao Yan lay on the grass and in his mouth was a strand of green grass. He chewed it slightly and let the bitterness spread into his mouth slowly.
He raised his white palm and put it in front of him blocking the moon and only letting some moonlight pass through the gaps between his fingers. He looked at the giant circular silver moon in the sky.
"Ai..." Thinking back the testing in the afternoon Xiao Yan sighed lightly. He lazily pulled his hand back and rested both hands on his head. He looked absent-minded.
"15 years already huh?" a soft voice that suddenly was spat out from the young teen without any warning.
In Xiao Yan"s mind there was a secret that only he himself knew: He wasn"t a person from this world. More accurately his soul wasn"t from this world. He was from a deep blue star called Earth. As for unexplainable mystery of why he would be here he himself had no clue. However after living here for some time he slowly realised: He passed through to the other side!
As he grew older he slowly came to understand bits and pieces of this continent.
This continent was called the Dou Qi Continent. On the continent there wasn"t many tales of magic users and their effects but rather Dou Qi was the main star.
On this big piece of land the training of Dou Qi had become commonplace after the hard work of countless individuals who continued to train beyond generations expanding the knowledge surrounding Dou Qi all the way to the top. Dou Qi and mankind are one and the same in everyday life and as such Dou Qi is extremely important in the continent. It could be called irreplaceable!
As the number of levels in Dou Qi kept increasing so did the number of ways to train it. Some were better than others as expected.
After going through a system of analysis the Dou Qi rankings in the Dou Qi Continent got split into four different classes - Tian Di Xuan Huang.
And every class was split further into Beginner Medium and High ranks!
The Dou Qi techniques you learned also determined how strong you would be. For example if a person practiced a Xuan class Medium rank technique he would naturally be stronger than a person who practiced a Huang class High rank technique.
In the Dou Qi Continent to differentiate the strong from the weak there are 3 criterias that need to be looked at.
First and also the most important is your natural body strength. If a person only has a 1 star level of strength even if he practiced the Tian class High rank techniques he wouldn"t be able to beat a Huang class Combat Master.
Next is technique level. If two people of the same innate strength were to battle the one with the better technique will obviously win.
Lastly is Dou Technique.
Dou Techniqueis a special kind of skill that is used when controlling Dou Qi and in the land of Dou Qi Dou Techniqueis also separated into Tian Di Xuan Huang.
Dou Qi in the continent speaks for itself but Dou Techniqueis different. Almost everyone starts off with a Dou Technique class of Huang. If you wanted to learn more advance control skills you would need to join a sect or enroll in a Dou Techniqueschool.
Of course there are some who by chance managed to learn the skills that others before have left behind or those who have compatible Dou Techniques.For these people their combat level might be slightly higher than normal.
Relying on these 3 aspects you can determine who is strong and who is weak. All in all if you managed to learn a high level Dou Technique the benefits in the future would be enormous.
However high level Dou Techniques are really hard to come by as a commoner. Those that are open to the public are normal Huang class techniques. For those bigger clans or small sects Xuan class techniques are the norm. For example in Xiao Yan"s clan their highest level technique was only practiced by the clan leader - Lion Wind Strike. It was a wind style Xuan class Medium rank Dou Technique.
Above the Xuan class would be the Di class but this kind of high-level techniques might only obtainable by a powerful country-like organisation.
As for the Tian class in a hundred years it hasn"t appeared once.
As previously stated commoners trying to get a high-level technique is like trying to climb a mountain without gear. However nothing is absolute. In the world of Dou Qi there are thousands of clans. In the North there are people referred to as "Unbeatable". They fused their soul with wild animals and became barbarians. In the South there are smart and talented high class beast spirit clans and even the strange and infamous underworld people.
Because of the vastness of the continent there are bound to be cases of nameless figures who by chance happened upon a miracle that made them strong. Or perhaps there might be people who are bound by fate to discover strong techniques. In the land of Dou Qi there is one famous sentence: If you find yourself stuck in a ditch or forsaken by the world don"t panic. Take two steps forward and maybe you"ll find yourself stronger than ever before.
Of course though this line isn"t false in the thousand years of history in the continent there aren"t many stories of people getting strong by random chance.
As a result of this every day there are countless individuals who try to break through and discover a new skill or technique but instead only return with a broken hip or leg.
All in all this continent is full of mysteries and miracles.
To access the vault of secret Dou Qi techniques you must at least be a full-fledged Dou Zhe to meet the basic requirements. For Xiao Yan it seemed so far away.
Puu Xiao Yan spat the grass out and quickly stood up and made a maniacal face. He faced the sky and shouted: "God damn it! How could I be played for a fool like this?"
In his past life Xiao Yan was a mediocre average commoner. Wealth fame and beauty seemed to run parallel to his life never intersecting it. Then when he came to this continent Xiao Yan was shocked. Because of a second set of experiences his spirit became much stronger than the average person.
It must be known that in the Dou Qi continent your spirit is decided upon at birth. Maybe as you grew older it would strengthen a slight bit but there is no known technique to train your spirit to be stronger.
It was Xiao Yan"s strong spirit that gave him his talent as well as his fame as a genius.
For an average person if they were told that they could be a genius there"s little doubt that they would claim their fame and live the high life. For the run-of-the-mill person like Xiao Yan when he started training his Dou Zhi Qi the temptation of being able to rise to fame would be unbearable. Of course he wouldn"t choose to stay hidden and continue to train!
If there wasn"t any accident Xiao Yan could perhaps grow even more with his "genius" label. Unfortunately at 11 his label was stolen from him and in one night a genius turned into a piece of trash.
After shouting at the top of his lungs for a while Xiao Yan finally calmed down and his face turned calm again. No matter how angry he got he wouldn"t be able to get his strength back.
Bitterly shaking his head Xiao Yan felt miserable. He had no clue what happened to his body and nothing seemed out of the ordinary. His spirit was growing as he aged as expected. His absorbtion of Dou Zhi Qi was also extraordinarly fast. It was faster than the strongest fighter from a few years back. All these factors should have meant that Xiao Yan was a natural genius but all the Dou Zhi Qi that he absorbed seemed to be completely gone. His self-esteem took a big hit and he could only feel depressed.
Taking another deep breath Xiao Yan raised his hand. On his finger was a black ring of simple design. The material used to make it was unknown. On it were some markings as well. This was the only present his late mother gave to him before she passed. He started wearing it since the age of 4 and even now 10 years later he was still wearing. It was a precious gift from his mother and Xiao Yan treasured it dearly. He rubbed the ring and said bitterly: "These few years I"ve really let Mother down huh?"
Sighing deeply Xiao Yan quickly stood up and turned around saying to the black figure from the woods: "Father why have you come?"
Though his Dou Zhi Qi was only 3rd stage his spiritual awareness was akin to that of a 5 star Dou Zhe perhaps even better. While thinking about his mother he felt a sudden disturbance from the woods.
"Ah ah Yan Er(1). It"s already quite late. Why are you still here?" From within the cluster of trees after a moment of silence a tender voice sounded.
The trees shaked a little and a middle-aged man jumped out face smiling widely. His eyes were locked on his son under the moonlight.
The middle-aged man was wearing an expensive looking grey tunic. He walked with pride and dignity and his face showed it. He was the Xiao clan leader as well as Xiao Yan"s father a 5 star Dou Shi - Xiao Zhan!
"Father why have you not returned to rest yet?" Facing the middle-aged man Xiao Yan"s smiled thickened. Although he had another set of memories when he was born the person before him treated him as with love and care. When he lost his power and spirit the love did not lessen but grew instead. This poked at Xiao Yan"s heart making Xiao Yan recognise him as his father.
"Yan Er are you still thinking about what happened this afternoon?" Taking a big step forward Xiao Zhan smiled again.
"Ha ha what"s there to think about? It"s within my expectations." Xiao Yan shaked his head and forced a smile.
"Ai..." Looking at Xiao Yan"s tender face Xiao Zhan let out a sigh. The both of them sinked into silence for a while before Xiao Zhan said: "Yan Er you"re 15 now aren"t you?"
"Yes father."
"Just one more year... and you have to attend the Adulthood Ceremony..." Xiao Zhan said.
"Yes father. Only a year left." Xiao Yan"s fist clenched for a while before he replied. He was extremely clear what the Adulthood Ceremony meant. Once the ceremony had past for the Xiao Yan that didn"t train he would be subject to the criteria of searching for Dou Qi techniques. Because he was so weak he would be sent to do a normal job in the other parts of the Xiao clan. This was a clan rule and even if the clan leader was his father he would not be able to do anything about it.
If one didn"t reach Dou Zhe by the age of 25 the clan would abadon them.
"Sorry Yan Er. If you don"t reach the Dou Zhi Qi 7th stage by next year I can"t do anything to help you no matter how much I want to. In this clan I"m not the sole decision maker. There"s also those old geezers waiting for me to make a mistake..." Looking at the peaceful Xiao Yan Xiao Zhan voiced guiltily.
"Father I will continue to work hard. One year later I"ll definitely reach the Dou Zhi Qi 7th stage!" Xiao Yan reassured his father.
"4 stages in 1 year? Ahh... if it were me from before it may have been possible but now... I might not have much of a chance..." Though Xiao Yan was trying to reassure his father he himself was bitter about it.
Knowing full well Xiao Yan"s position Xiao Zhan could only answer with a sigh. He knew that 4 stages of Dou Zhi Qi in a year was extremely difficult. He gently patted Xiao Yan"s head and smiled saying: "It"s getting quite late you should go back and get some rest. Tomorrow the clan has a guest and you shouldn"t miss the ceremony."
"Guest? Who?" Xiao Yan asked full of curiousity.
"You"ll find out tomorrow." Xiao Zhan winked at the restless Xiao Yan leaving with a big smile on his face.
"Don"t you worry father. I"ll work really hard." Xiao Yan rubbed the simple ring while raising his head and whispering.
Just when Xiao Yan raised his head the black ring on his finger sudddenly lit up with a mysterious glow and flashed. Blinking Xiao Yan realised it wasn"t a person...






Chapter 3:Guests
A young man was meditating on his bed. In front of him his hands were clasped in a weird yet relaxed manner. His chest peacefully rose and fell with the rhythm of his breath. Everything was just... so natural! With every breath he took a pale white stream of what seemed to be air darted into the young man"s nose and mouth squeezing into his body and reshaping it.
As the young man was meditating a strange yet dim sparkle appeared for a brief moment on the plain black ring that he wore on his finger ...
"Huuuu..." The young man slowly let out his breath and opened his eyes blinking. A pale white light flashed across his black pupils that was the Dou Qi that had just been absorbed but not yet completely refined.
"It took such great effort to get that Dou Qi but... f*ck it"s disappearing again! No no please noooo..." The young man tried desperately to keep the disappearing Dou Qi from slipping away but to no avail. As the last sliver of Dou Qi left his body the young man"s face changed from being calm to one of anger and despair and his voice rose with fury.
He curled his hands into fists and was rapidly clenching and unclenching them. Eventually his visage transited from extreme anger to a forced grin. After all there was nothing he could do about it. Wearily he dragged his body off the bed and stretched his numb legs. With only Dou Qi of a 3rd Stage such menial matters were always present.
After having done a few exercises in his plain room an old wizened voiced sounded outside of his door: "Young master the clan leader has requested your presence in the hall."
The young man was the third son of the clan header Xiao Yan. Above him were two brothers but they had already left the clan in search of adventure. Only at the end of each year would they come back and meet their family. Overall however the two brothers were extremely nice to their little brother Xiao Yan even when he fell from being a genius to a piece of trash.
"Coming!" Xiao Yan changed his clothes and went out. Outside of his room was an elder in a green robe. "Let"s go!"
Looking at the young man"s fresh face the elder nodded his head. But when he turned around his eyes showed a flash of regret.If young master had his former talent he probably would have been a great Dou Zhe such a waste...
The elder and the young man crossed through the back yard and finally arrived solemnly at the welcoming hall. After politely knocking the two softly went in.
The hall was quite large but there were many people already in it. At the head of the hall were Xiao Zhan and three emotionless elders. They were the clan elders and had equal importance to the Clan leader.
On the left below the four were other elders from the clan. These elders didn"t hold as much power as the clan elders but nevertheless they had quite a bit of say and weren"t pushovers. Besides these elders were young men that had shown promise and talent.
On the other side was three strangers looks like they were the people that Xiao Zhan foretold last night.
The young man"s eyes quickly swept through the strangers. Of the three there was an elder wearing a moon white outfit. Although the elder was all smiles his tiny eyes were full of energy restlessly scanning the room. Xiao Yan"s sight dipped lower stopping at the elder"s chest. On his chest was a silver moon and besides the moon were seven shiny stars.
7 Star Da Dou Shi! This guy"s a 7 star Da Dou Shi? Incredible. Xiao Yao could barely refrain from gasping at the elder. The elder was stronger than his own father in fact he was two whole stars stronger.
Anyone that became a Da Dou Shi was at least a power to be reckoned with. With that kind of strength most places would probably rush for recruitment. To be able to see such a powerful person it"s not surprising that Xiao Yan was shocked.
Beside the elder were a young couple. They were also wearing moon white robes. The male was about 20 years old and had a handsome face coupled with a strong build. He was definitely the ideal type for any girl. Of course the most important thing was on his chest were 5 golden stars. This represented the strength of the young man: 5 star Dou Zhe!
To be able to become a 5 star Dou Zhe at the age of 20 definitely shows the exceptional talent of the young man.
With a handsome face and decent strength this young man not only became the target of stares from young girls in the clan even Xiao Mei occasionally sent glances to him.
But the looks that the girls gave had no effect on the young man. His entire focus was concentrated on the young girl beside him...
The young girl"s age was similar to Xiao Yan which made Xiao Yan flinch. Her beauty even rivaled Xiao Mei"s no she was prettier than Xiao Mei. In the entire clan probably only Xiao Xun Er could rival her. No wonder the guys of Xiao clan chased girls outside of the clan.
On the intricate ear of the young girl was a green jade earrings. As she moved around the pieces of jade clinked together chirping a beautiful melody and adding a hint of royalty to the girl...
In addition on the developing chest of the girl were 3 golden stars.
A 3-Star Dou Zhe This girl... if she didn"t use any special methods she must be an incredible genius! Xiao Yao"s heart fell she had talent rivalling his former talent! But Xiao Yao forced his eyes away from the cold beauty. No matter what beneath Xiao Yao"s immature appearance was a mature soul. Although the girl was very pretty he kept himself from acting like a drooling slob.
Xiao Yan"s actions caused a slight tension within the girl. Although she wasn"t the kind that had an entire universe revolving around her her beauty and appearance wasn"t bad. Xiao Yan"s random glance over her was a first for her.
"Father three elders!" Walking quickly Xiao Yan courteously greeted the Xiao Zhan and the three elders.
"Haha Yan Er you came! Here come sit." Seeing Xiao Yan arrival Xiao Zhan stopped talking to his guests and nodded in the direction of Xiao Yan waving his hand to indicate for Xiao Yan to take a seat.
With a slight smile Xiao Yan ignored the lazy almost hateful gazes from the three clan elders and searched for his seat. But he was surprised at the result he didn"t have a seat...
Hahhh my position in the clan is just sinking lower and lower. It was better before but now they even embarrass me in front of guests these old geezers... Xiao Yao ridiculed himself silently in his mind he shook his head as if it could block the emotions that welled up within him.
Looking at the motionless Xiao Yan the young clan members let out soft mocking laughter showing their happiness at seeing Xiao Yan be made a fool.
Finally Xiao Zhan realized Xiao Yan"s predicament. A look of anger flashed across his face before being replaced with a bent eyebrow: "Second elder you..."
"Ohh really sorry. I can"t believe that I forgot about young master. Hehe I"ll go get someone to prepare a chair!" The yellow robed elder smiled at the staring Xiao Zhan. He patted his forehead in an act of self-criticism but the belittling look in his eyes didn"t fade.
"Brother Xiao Yan come sit here!" The clear voice of a girl rang across the hall.
The three elders tensed their gaze shifting to Xun Er in the corner. Their mouths twitched but none of them said anything...
In the corner Xiao Xun Er closed the thick book in her lap and blinked at Xiao Yan.
Looking at Xiao Xun Er"s smiling face Xiao Yan froze for a second. Quickly he recovered and after touching his nose he walked towards Xun Er under the envious gazes of the surrounding clan members and after what seemed like the longest few seconds he plopped next to Xun Er.
Xiao Yan whispered: "Thanks you"ve rescued me again."
Xiao Xun Er lightly smiled two small dimples appearing on her face. Her slender fingers flipped open the book in front of her. Even though she was extremely young there was an air of intellectuality around her. After scanning through the page Xun Er suddenly complained: "Brother Xiao Yan you haven"t sat beside me alone for three years now right?"
"Uhh...you"re a genius in the clan isn"t it simple for you if you want friends?" Looking at the resentful face of Xun Er Xiao Yan drily laughed.
"But the thing is a certain someone snuck into my room every night when I was 4 to 6. And then that certain someone used a clumsy technique and weak Dou Zi Qi to strengthen my bones and
meridians. Every time the same person would get himself sweating profusely before leaving. Brother Xiao Yan do you know who he is?" Xun Er paused for a moment and suddenly tilted her head and smiled towards Xiao Yan.
"Uhh... how how am I supposed to know? I was so young back then in fact I could barely walk how would I know?" Xiao Yan"s heart began to beat violently. Forcing open a smile Xiao Yan guilty turned his gaze to the center of the hall.
"Hehe..." Looking at Xiao Yan"s reaction a slight smile floated on Xiao Xun Er"s face. Her sight moved back to the book on her lap and as if talking to herself she said: "Even though I know that that person did it in goodwill I"m a girl right? How can I let someone carelessly touch me? If I ever find out who did it hmph..."
Xiao Yan"s mouth began to twitch violently keeping his sight straight he shut his mouth tight...



Chapter 4:Faction of the Misty Clouds
In the main hall Xiao Zhan and the three clan elders were talking excitedly with the strange elder. The guest seemed to have something weighing on his mind yet every time when it seemed as if he was about to broach the subject he would swallow back the words and change the topic. Each time he did this the delicate girl next to him would give the elder a subtle yet firm glance...
After listening on to their conversation for a while Xiao Yan was bored by their conversation and his head was slowly drooping...
"Brother Xiao Yan do you know who they are?" Right when Xiao Yan was about to fall asleep from boredom Xun Er who was beside him opened her ancient book and asked Xiao Yan.
"Do you know?" Xiao Yan curiously looked at Xun Er.
"Did you see the symbol of a silver sword with the clouds on the cuff of their robes?" Xun Er said with a light smile.
"Oh?" Xiao Yan looked towards the cuffs of the three and indeed there he clearly saw the embroidered symbol of a sword sparkling in the clouds!
"They are from the Faction of Misty Clouds?" Xiao Yan asked in bewilderment.
Even though Xiao Yan had never gone out into the real world he had read from books about this faction. Xiao Yan"s clan lived in a city named Wu Tan City which was part of the Jia Ma Empire. Even though this city is listed as being one of the bigger cities within Jia Ma Empire it was still dwarfed by the size of the empire despite having the Magic Monsters Mountain Range behind it.
Within the city itself Xiao Yan"s clan was the biggest. Besides the Xiao Clan there were two other clans that competed with the Xiao Clan but even after 24 years of blood and strife they were unable to overtake the Xiao clan...
If the Xiao Clan was the strongest power in Wu Tan City then the Faction of Misty Clouds would be the strongest power in the entire Jia Ma Empire! The difference between the Xiao Clan and the Faction of Misty Clouds was enormous to the point where Xiao Yan"s father Xiao Zhan who normally kept a strict and harsh face was extremely respectful in front of these guests.
"Why are they here?" Xiao Yan whispered.
Xun Er"s slim fingers paused "Maybe it"s related to you Brother Xiao Yan ..."
"Me? But I don"t have any relationship with them!?" Hearing Xun Er"s response Xiao Yan paused before shaking his head and whispering back.
"Do you know the name of the girl up there?" Xun Er glanced at the girl.
"No do you?" Xian Yan furrowed his brows as he examined the face of the girl Xun Er pointed out. He cannot recall ever having seen her before.
"She"s Nalan Yanran!" A curious expression floated on Xun Er"s face.
Xiao Yan stiffened "Nalan Yanran? The granddaughter of Nalan Jie the Lionheart commander of Jia Ma Empire? She"s... she"s my fianc\xe9e that was set between our families before I was born?"
"Hehe grandfather and Nalan Jie were like blood brothers and at that time you and Nalan Yanran were born around the same time so the two decided that you guys would get married. But unfortunately three years after you were born grandfather died in a fight with a clan enemy and as time passed Xiao Clan"s relation with the Nalan family became weaker..." Xun Er paused and looked at Xiao Yan who was absorbed in Xun Er"s story "Nalan Jie is not only arrogant he also puts extreme emphasis on promises. The marriage was decided by him so even though your name has been quite bad the past few years he has never once thought of annulling the marriage..."
"That geezer sure is quite obstinate..." Xiao Yan smiled.
"Nalan Jie has the final say in all matters within the family so even though he really is very fond of his granddaughter no one in the family has stepped up to oppose the marriage..." Xun Er"s beautiful eyes lightly glanced at Xiao Yan before continuing "But 5 years ago Nalan Yanran became a student under the faction leader of Misty Clouds. In these 5 years Nalan Yanran demonstrated incredible talent. When a person has enough power to change the path of their life they would try their hardest to change things that they don"t like and unfortunately she absolutely hates her promised marriage with brother Xiao Yan!"
"You"re saying... that she came to CANCEL the marriage?"
Xiao Yan"s face darkened. At this moment he was furious not because Nalan Yanran did not want him as her husband but rather because Nalan Yanran is trying to cancel the marriage with the entire clan present! If that happens then his father would lose much of his dignity and respect within the clan!
Xiao Yan slowly breathed in the cold air calming his raging thoughts. Within his sleeve Xiao Yan curled his fist thinking if I was a Dou Shi who would dare to trample over my dignity?
It was true if Xiao Yan was a Dou Shi then even if Nalan Yanran had the backing of the Faction of Misty Clouds she would not be able to do such a thing. A 15 year old Dou Shithere were only a few that had such high accomplishments in the entire history of Dou Qi Mainland. And the few people that were at that level when they were that young are now some of the most influential people in the entire Dou Qi world.
A small fragile hand cleverly evaded Xiao Yan"s sleeves and held onto Xiao Yan"s hands. Xun Er softly said "Brother Xiao Yan if she really cancels the marriage then that"s her own loss. I believe that in a couple of years she will be regretting her decisions today!"
"Regret?" Xiao Yan sneered. "With my current abilities I don"t have that kind of luxury."
Xiao Yan paused before changing the tone of his voice "Wait Xun Er. How are you so familiar with them? The things that you"ve just said my father might not even know some of them. How do you know all these?"
Xun Er stiffened but did not say anything.
Looking at Xue Er"s avoidance on the subject Xiao Yan could only helplessly smile. Even though Xun Er was also part of the Xiao family she and Xiao Yan didn"t have any relation by blood. In addition Xiao Yan had never seen Xun Er"s parents and every time he asked his father about them Xiao Zhan would shake his head and not speak. Soon Xun Er"s parents became a taboo subject something that they seemed to fear speaking about.
For Xiao Yan Xun Er"s identity was always veiled in mystery. No matter how hard or how cleverly he tried Xun Er would always stay silent.
"Ugh whatever if you don"t want to say it then don"t." Shaking his head Xiao Yan"s face suddenly darkened again. The guest elder under the repeated signals from Nalan Yanran finally stood up...
"Heh using the Faction of Misty Clouds to pressure father? This Nalan Yanran certainly is using some shameless tactics..." Fury began to build within Xiao Yan"s heart.



Chapter 5:Qi Gathering Powder
"Ahem." The white robed elder cleared his throat and stood up. Putting his hands together he smiled: "Clan leader Xiao Zhan. The reason we came here for today is because we would like your help for something."
"Of course Ge Ye if you have any problems just let me know. If I can help you solve it then I definitely wouldn"t dare say no." To the visiting elder Xiao Zhan did not refuse but since he did not know what the request was he did not make any promises either.
"Hehe Leader Xiao do you know her?" Ge Ye smiled lightly and pointed to the girl next to him.
"Umm... I"m sorry this girl is..." Xiao Zhan looked over the girl and awkwardly shook his head.
When Nalan Yanran became Yun Jun"s student she was only 8. After studying in the Faction of Misty Clouds for 5 years she had changed quite a lot. Before she was only a child but now she is a blooming teenager!
"Huh...Her name is Nalan Yanran."
"Uncle Xiao I haven"t come to pay my respect in a long time. It"s my fault that you don"t recognize me." Nalan Yanran sweetly said.
"Hehe Yanran I heard that you"ve become a student under Yun Jun. At the time I thought that it was just a baseless rumour but now I realize that it"s actually true. What incredible talent you must have..." Xiao Zhan complimented.
"It was just good luck..." Smiling lightly Nalan Yanran began to feel uncomfortable and lightly tugged Ge Ye"s robe with her hand under the table.
"Hehe Leader Xiao the request that I have relates to Yanran. In addition this was assigned by our faction leader..." Ge Ye kept his smile but when he mentioned the faction leader he subconsciously lessened his smile and his face grew serious.
Like Ge Ye Xiao Zhan stopped smiling. The faction leader of the Faction of Misty Clouds was one of the most important people in the entire Jia Ma Empire. Xiao Zhan who was a small clan leader wouldn"t dare to provoke her. But with her power what would she need Xiao Clan to help with? Ge Ye did say that it was related to Yanran is it that?
A wandering thought crossed Xiao Zhan"s mind causing the edge of his mouth to twitch slightly and his firm hand to start trembling thankfully his hands were covered by his long sleeves. Taking care to push down the thought Xiao Zhan shakily asked: "Mister Ge Ye please do tell me what is the faction"s request?"
"Errr..." Ge Ye hesitated but he thought about how much the faction leader adored Yanran and thus he clenched his teeth: "Leader Xiao you know how strict the rules are in the faction. In addition faction leader views Yanran very highly in fact faction leader is expecting Yanran to be the next faction leader. However due to a special rule future faction leaders cannot have a relation with another male before they become the official faction leader..."
Taking a breath Ge Ye continued: "When our faction leader asked Yanran about it she realized that Yanran and the Xiao Clan had a marriage proposal therefore faction leader asks for Leader Xiao to... to cancel this marriage."
"KA!" The jade cup in Xiao Zhan"s hands turned into a fine mist in an instant.
In the main hall everyone was silent. The three clan elders were shocked by Ge Ye"s words but soon afterwards the elders glanced at Xiao Zhan with plain glee and ridicule.
"Hehe how will you respond to this?" The three elders thought sinisterly.
A couple of the younger kids didn"t know about the set marriage between Xiao Yan and Nalan Yanran but after asking their parents about it their faces brightened! Their glances towards Xiao Yan were full of ridicule and distaste...
Looking at Xiao Zhan"s dark face Nalan Yanran lowered her head and squeezed her fingers together.
"Leader Xiao I know that this request is a little over the top but because faction leader requested it please cancel the marriage..." Helplessly letting out a breath Ge Ye lightly whispered to Xiao Zhan.
Xiao Zhan"s hands curled into fists. A faint green Dou Qi slowly creeped over his body and finally it formed a illusory lion"s head in front of Xiao Zhan"s face.
Xiao Clan"s secret Qi Method: Furious Lion"s Rage! Level: Middle Xuan!
Looking at Xiao Zhan"s reaction Ge Ye"s face became serious. He moved to place Yanran behind him and within his eagle claw like hands a green Dou Qi gathered. The Dou Qi released small but sharp illusory swords.
Faction of Misty Cloud"s Qi Method: Green Wood Sword! Level: Low Xuan!
With the release of Dou Qi the weaker youngsters within the main hall became pale and felt their chests tighten.
When Xiao Zhan"s breathing became more intense the three elders yelled out! Their voices were like lightning that swept through the hall: "Xiao Zhan STOP! Don"t forget you"re the clan leader of Xiao Clan!"
Xiao Zhan stiffened and the Dou Qi on his body disappeared slowly...
Xiao Zhan fell back into his chair and emotionlessly watched the lowered head of Yanran. Finally he said is a raspy tone: "Nalan you have some guts. With such a daughter I"m really envious of Nalan Su."
Nalan Yanran twitched: "Uncle Xiao..."
"No! Call me Clan Leader Xiao from now on. I don"t deserve to be called Uncle; you"re the future faction leader of the Faction of Misty Clouds. In the future you"ll probably one of the most important people in Dou Qi mainland. My Xiao Yan only has modest talent he doesn"t deserve you..."
"Thank you Clan Leader Xiao." Hearing Xiao Zhan"s words Ge Ye"s face brightened. Apologizing he says: "Clan Leader Xiao faction leader understands that today"s request is quite disrespectful. Therefore she asked me to bring something please accept it as an apology from our faction leader."
Ge Ye touched a ring on his hand and suddenly a completely pan-green jade box appeared in his hand...
Carefully opening the box a fragrance swept through the entire main hall. Anyone who smelled it felt relaxed.
The three elders" curiosity got the better of them and they poked their head to see the contents of the box: "Qi Gathering Powder?"


Chapter 6:Alchemists
Within the jade box a green pill about the size of a Dragon"s eye laid quietly. The refreshing scent that had spread throughout the entire hall was emanating from the pill!
In Dou Qi Mainland to become a Dou Zhe one needs to be able to compress the Qi within one"s own body to a Qi cyclone. But the process of compressing Qi to become a Qi cyclone has an extremely high failure rate. After failing one"s 9 Duan Qi would fall back to 8 Duan. Some unlucky people need to compress their Qi 10 or more times before they are successful in doing so. But by wasting so much time on the compression of Qi one would lose the best time to practice Qi and thus destroy their future.
Qi Gathering Power its use was to allow someone with 9 Duan Qi to have a 100% percent success rate when trying to compress one"s Qi!
This effect makes many people red-eyed. After all anyone thats not a Dou Zhe is treated extremely badly.
But Qi Gathering Power isn"t something made by nature rather it was made by someone: Alchemist!
In Dou Qi Mainland the sole profession that"s more desirable than a Dou Zhe are Alchemists.
Like the name suggests alchemists are able to create special pills that raise one"s strengths. Every free-agent alchemist is sought after by many forces.
The reason as to why alchemists have such a high position is because of how rare alchemists are and how strict the requirements to become an alchemist are.
First of all one must be of the fire attribute. And then within the fire attribute one must have a tiny sliver of the wood attribute to act as a catalysis in pill-refining.
In the Dou Qi Mainland a person"s attribute is determined by their soul. A soul since birth will only have one sole attribute and reject any other attribute. So its impossible for a person to have two attributes.
Of course nothing is impossible. Within a million people there will always be someone who has a mutated soul. Within these people that have mutated souls some have the potential to become Alchemists!
However a person that has the fire and wood attributes is not enough to become an Alchemist. That"s because one must also have a strong Soul Perception or Soul Moulding!
In the refinement of pills the three most important requirements are: The material the flame and one"s soul perception.
The Material. They would have to be natural treasures. After all even the best alchemists can"t create a god-tier pill from trash material. Therefore good base materials are very important for good pills.
The flame. Or the fire that"s required when refining pills. The fire used in refining pills can"t be normal flames but rather they must be Dou Qi flames created though Dou Qi with a fire attribute. Of course there are some extremely strong mutated flames in nature. Some strong alchemists would take these flames and use them to refine pills instead of their own Dou Qi flame. Not only do these mutated flames boost the success rate of the refinement they also increase the effectiveness of the pills!
Because refining pills is a gruesome task extended periods of refinement requires a lot of Dou Qi and because of that every brilliant alchemist is also a strong fire-type Dou Zhe.
The final requirement is Soul Perception.
When refining a pill the intensity of the flame needs to be controlled with ridiculous precision. If the flame is slightly too hot the pill within the furnace would be burned to ashes wasting the time and effort of the alchemist. Therefore controlling the intensity of the flame is a prerequisite to becoming an alchemist. But in order to have a control over the flames one must have an incredible Soul Perception; without Soul Perception even if one meets or even exceeds the first two requirements it would be pointless to try to refine pills.
Under these strict conditions the ones who have the qualifications to become an alchemist are few and rare. Because there aren"t that many alchemists the magical pills that they refine are also few and sparse. Since rare things are valuable and pills can definitely be defined as rare alchemists all have a honorable to an exaggerated extent position.
.....
Within the main hall with the gasps of the three elders the younger generation all stare at the Jade box in Ge Ye"s hands.
Next to her father Xiao Mei licks her red lips with her soft tongue and stares at the box without blinking...
"Hehe this was refined by our honorable elder Gu He. I think that everyone here has heard of his name right?" Looking at the embarrassing appearance of the three elders Ge Ye started becoming arrogant.
"This pill was refined by the Pill King Gu He?" Hearing Ge Ye"s words the three elders once again embarrassed themselves.
Pill King Gu He an extremely influential alchemist within the Jia Ma Empire. His alchemy is mysterious and unpredictable causing countless different forces to try to fawn upon him.
Not only does Gu He have extraordinary talent in alchemy his own strength is at the level of a Dou Wang and he"s one of the top ten Dou Zhes in Jia Ma Empire.
Refined by his hands the Qi Gathering Powder"s value is probably exponentially higher than other normal Qi Gathering Power.
The three elders smile at the Qi Gathering Powder within the Jade box. If the Xiao Clan gets this Qi Gathering Powder then the Xiao Clan can probably develop another young Dou Zhe.
Right when the three elders were thinking about how to get the pill for their own grandsons a young voice filled with fury resonates within the main hall.
"Mr. Ge Ye it would be better if you kept the pill. Your request we might not accept it!"
The main hall fell silent and everyone"s gaze turns upon the delicate face of Xiao Yan in the corner.
"Xiao Yan you don"t have the right to say anything right now. Be quiet!" One of the elder"s face became dark as he yells at Xiao Yan.
"Xiao Yao be quiet. I know that you"re not happy about this but we"ll decide what will happen!" Another quite old elder said to Xiao Yan.
"Three elders if your sons or grandsons had their marriage released today would you still be saying that?" Xiao Yao slowly stands up. The edge of his mouth was curved upwards in ridicule. Since it was apparent that the three elders treated him with disdain why should he be so respectful to them?
"You..." Hearing Xiao Yan"s words the three elders couldn"t find a way to argue against his words. The grumpy third elder even started materializing his Dou Qi in anger.
"Three elders Xiao Yao ge-ge isn"t wrong. He"s the victim of this so you guys shouldn"t decide for him." A clear girl"s voice rang across the main hall.
Hearing the girl"s voice the three elders" arrogance fell and after exchanging worried glances they all nodded and sat back down.
Looking at the three elders backing off Xiao Yao turns his head back and deeply gazes at the smiling Xiao Xun Er. Who are you? To be able to make the three elder fear you...
Pressing down his confusion Xiao Yao quickly walks up and respectfully bows to his father Xiao Zhan. Afterwards he turns around to face Nalan Yanran. Slowly letting a breath of air he asks: "Lady Nalan I would like to ask a question. Your visit here today to release the marriage did Grandfather Nalan give his consent?"
Before when Xiao Yan came out from his corner Nalan Yanran already felt uncomfortable with him. Now hearing his question her brow scrunches up. This guy at first I thought he was pretty nice but he"s actually extremely shameless. Does he not know the difference between the two of us?
Criticizing Xiao Yan in her mind Nalan Yanran never considered how releasing the marriage would put Xiao Yan and his father into an awkward and infuriating situation.
Standing up and staring at the should be husband of hers Nalan Yanran says: "Grandfather didn"t give his consent. But! This is my own problem and not related to him."
"Since Grandfather hasn"t said anything then I hope that you will forgive my father for not accepting your request. Our marriage was set by our two grandfathers and since none of them have said to release the marriage then this marriage will go on. Or else the people that are trying to release the marriage would be disrespecting their ancestors! I think that within our clan there aren"t any people that would do such a dishonorable thing." Xiao Yan tilts his head and stares straight at the three elders.
Using the dishonorable title Xiao Yan forced the elders to be silent. In the strict clan doing something as blasphemous as disrespecting one"s ancestors would be enough for them to lose their spot as an elder of the clan.
"You..." After being rebuffed by Xiao Yan Nalan Yanran couldn"t find any argument to retort Xiao Yan"s claim. Her face became ashen and heavily stomping her feet her princessy nature became apparent. Looking at the young man with disgust she annoyingly says: "Under what conditions will you release the marriage? Were the reparations too little? Alright I can ask my teacher to give you another 3 Qi Gathering Powder. In addition if you want to I can let you join Faction of Misty Clouds and learn profound Dou Qi training methods is that enough?"
Hearing the attractive conditions from Nalan Yanran the three elders" breathing started to become heavy. Within the main hall the younger generation swallowed the saliva. Joining Faction of Misty Clouds? God that"s the dream of countless people...
After saying all these conditions Nalan Yanran raised her snow-white chin like a princess addressing her servants. She waited for Xiao Yan"s response and knew that these conditions were enough to make any young man crazy...


Chapter 7:Divorce!
Unlike what Nalan Yanran expected after saying the alluring condition the young man in front of her started trembling. He slowly raised his head and his delicate and young face was contorted into a fearsome savage face.
Even though Xiao Yan had endured countless taunts over the past three years even he had a limit. Nalan Yanran"s actions had roughly stepped on the final shred of dignity hidden deep within Xiao Yan"s heart.
"Ahh..." Seeing the vicious face of the young man Yanran sprang backwards. The young man by her sides took the chance to pull out his sword and coldly stared at Xiao Yan.
"I...I want to kill you!" Even though his teeth were clattering Xiao Yan"s words had an unmistakable killing intent to them! His hands were curled into fists and within the his black pupils furious flames burned.
"Yan Er you"re being rude!" At the top of the hall Xiao Zhan was shocked by the reaction of Xiao Yan and hurriedly quieted Xiao Yan. The current Xiao clan wouldn"t dare be on the wrong side of Faction of Misty Clouds.
Even though his fists tightened even further Xiao Yan lowered his head. Moments later he lightly lifts up his head. The difference was that the vicious face that he had displayed earlier had been completely replaced by a calm and impassive face...

In the past 3 years Xiao Yan had endured countless discrimination and taunts. As a result Xiao Yan was now more mature than before. Perhaps his greatest gain from the past three years was that he had learned to keep his emotions under control.
Looking at the completely different young man Ge Ye and Nalan Yanran suddenly felt a chill...
This kid if he stays useless then it isn"t a big deal. But if he gains strength then he will definitely become a dangerous force to be reckoned with...Ge Ye solemnly thought.
"Xiao Yan! Even though I don"t know why my actions have infuriated you thus far but you... you should still release the marriage!" Slowly letting out a breath Nalan Yanran pushed her fear and stiffened her face.
"Remember my visit to Xiao clan was permitted by my teacher the faction leader of Faction of Misty Clouds!" Pursing her lips Nalan Yanran said with a slight hint of helplessness: "You can understand that my visit today is partly coercion. But you should understand that the reality is harsh and nothing is fair. Even though it shouldn"t mean much you should understand the difference between us we...we don"t have any hope of being together..."
Hearing the absolute statements of the girl Xiao Yan"s mouth curved into a sneer: "Lady Nalan... You should understand in Dou Qi mainland a woman going back on her marriage would be embarrass the opposite party in front of everyone. Hehe I don"t really care about being embarrassed but my father! He"s the clan leader if we accept your request today then how do you expect him to rule over Xiao clan? How will Xiao clan keep a foothold in Wu Tan City?"
Looking at the the furious young man Nalan Yanran"s brows furrowed. She peeked at Xiao Zhan at the end of the hall; he appeared as if he had just aged by a lot. Seeing that she felt slightly sorry for her actions and bit her lips. After musing for a moment her eyes lit up. She whispers: "Today"s request it"s a little reckless on my part. So today I will temporarily take back my request to release my marriage. But you must promise me something!"
"What promise?"
"I can delay today"s request for three years. Three years from now you will come to Faction of Misty Clouds and challenge me. If I win then I will release the marriage in front of everyone and at that time you would have performed your clan"s rites of adulthood so even if you lose you won"t be affecting your father Xiao Zhan or Xiao clan. Do you accept?"
Hehe when I lose then it won"t affect the name of my father. But maybe for my entire life I"ll bear the shame of losing. This woman... is too cruel!Xiao Yan felt helpless he was angry but he couldn"t find a source to vent it.
"Lady Nalan it"s not like you don"t know the condition of Yan Er. How do you expect him to challenge you? Insulting him like this is it fun for you?" Xiao Zhan smacked the table and angrily stood up.
"Xiao Zhan shu-shu when releasing a marriage there must someone who bears the responsibilities of it. If not for you I would be releasing the marriage today! Afterwards I will announce it to the public!" After being blocked several time Nalan Yanran was also getting angry and coldly shouted at Xiao Yan: "Since you don"t want to hurt the name of Xiao Zhan shu-shu then accept the challenge! Three years or now will you choose the former or the later?"
"Nalan Yanran you don"t need to act all high and mighty. The reason behind you releasing this marriage is because you don"t think that I Xiao Yan a near cripple match you a genius. Forgive me for putting things plainly. Besides your beauty I don"t care about anything else of yours! The Faction of Misty Clouds is very strong I"ll admit that. But I am young! I have lots of time. When I was twelve I was a Dou Zhe but you Nalan Yanran when you were twelve how many Duan Qi did you have? You"re right I might be crippled right now but since I created miracles three years ago why do you think that I can"t repeat such miracles in the future? Why do you think that I can"t become the genius that I once was?" Facing the aggressive stance Xiao Yan finally erupted like a volcano. His face became completely serious and his words shocked everyone in the main hall. Who would have thought that the quiet young man possessed such a sharp tongue!
Nalan"s mouth twitched. Even though she was extremely pissed at Xiao Yan she couldn"t find words to argue against his statements. Xiao Yan"s words were truth; even though he was crippled now he was a Dou Zhe back when he was twelve years old. But Nalan Yanran was only Eight Duan Qi at that time...
"Lady Nalan because of Grandfather Nalan I"ll give you some advice. Thirty years east thirty years west don"t you dare bully me because I"m poor now." Xiao Yan"s tough words made Nalan stiffen.
"Yes! What a great saying don"t you dare bully me because I"m poor now! My son can"t possibly be ordinary!" At the end of the hall Xiao Zhan"s eyes were lit with vigor and his heavy palms slammed against the table causing tea to splatter everywhere.
Clenching her teeth and staring at the sneering young man in front of her Nalan became so angry that her head began to feel dizzy. Nalan Yanran had been spoiled since birth and had never been humiliated by someone the same age as her. Her childish voice climbed another pitch: "What is your basis for humiliating me? Even if your talent before was unsurpassed by anyone the you now... you"re a cripple now! Okay I Nalan Yanran will wait for the day that you surpass me. Today"s release I won"t mention it any more but three years from now I will wait for you at Faction of Misty Clouds. If you have the guts then show me how you"ve changed your situation! If you defeat me then... then I Nalan Yanran will be your slave for the rest of my life!"
"Of course if you"re still crippled three years later then you better prepare the contract to release our marriage!"
Looking at the ashen face of the girl Xiao Yan ridicules: "It won"t take three years! I wouldn"t want you even if you were begging me to become my wife!" After saying that Xiao Yan ignored the frozen face of Yanran and turned around. Quickly walking forward to a table he took out a paper and started to write!
The ink slowly dropped onto the paper and finally his pen stopped moving.
Suddenly Xiao Yan"s right hand reached for a short sword on the desk and pointed the sharp blade at his left hand. As soon as readied the sword he firmly drew blood from his left hand.
His bloodied hand pressed down on the white paper leaving a glaring red mark.
Lightly picking up the contract Xiao Yan laughed a laugh of victory. When he walked past Yanran he smashed the contract on the table.
"Don"t you dare think that I Xiao Yan think highly of some genius wife. This contract isn"t a contract to release the marriage but rather I am divorcing you from the Xiao Clan! From now on you Nalan Yanran have no relations with the Xiao Clan!"
"You... You dare divorce me?" Looking at the bloody contract on the table Nalan Yanran"s eyes opened wide in disbelief. With her beauty talent and background to have been divorced by a small clan"s cripple? This sudden turn of events made her think that she was in a dream!
Coldly looking at Nalan Yanran"s dumbfounded expression Xiao Yan turned around and kneels in front of Xiao Zhan. He gave a heavy Kowtow biting his lipsand didn"t say anything...
Even though Xiao Yan actually divorced Nalan Yanran when the events spread out others might not think that it"s the truth. They who don"t know what happened would think that Nalan Yanran used her tyrannical background for force Xiao clan to release the marriage. After all with Yanran"s beauty talent and background a cripple from Xiao clan would never be able to match her. No one would think that Xiao Yan had the boldness to divorce a future faction leader of the Faction of Misty Clouds. Because of that being Xiao Yan"s father Xiao Zhan would probably have to endure endless ridicule.
Looking at the kneeling Xiao Yan and understanding the guilty feelings that his son was having Xiao Zhan helplessly smiled: "I believe that my son won"t stay crippled forever. Gossip won"t stand a chance when the hard facts come out in the future!"
"Father three years from now I will go to Faction of Misty Clouds and redeem today"s shame!" With slightly wet eyes Xiao Yan did another heavy kowtow and stood up. Without hesitating Xiao Yan walked towards the door of the main hall.
When he passed Nalan Yanran Xiao Yan pauses of a moment and spits out cold words from his young mouth.
"Three years from now I will find you!"
The shadow of the young man under the shining sun extended extremely far. Looking at it it seemed very lonely.
Nalan Yanran"s small mouth opened but no sound came out. She stared at the disappearing back of Xiao Ya and the contract in her hand felt as heavy as a mountain...
"Ahem since your goal has been accomplished please leave now." Looking at the receding young man even though Xiao Zhan"s face was impassive the hands inside of his sleeve curled into fists so tight that the fingers became a pale white.
"Xiao shu-shu I apologize for today"s event. If you have time in the future make sure to come visit the Nalan Clan!" Lightly bowing to the impassive Xiao Zhan Nalan also didn"t want to stay. She quickly stood up and went towards the door of the main hall. Behind her Ge Ye and the handsome young man quickly followed her.
"Take the Qi Gathering Powder!" Waving his hand Xiao Zhan threw the jade box on the table at them.
Ge Ye quickly caught the falling box and bitterly smiled while placing the box within his ring.
"Lady Nalan hopefully you won"t regret your actions today. And also don"t assume that with Faction of Misty Clouds behind you you can do anything you want. There are a lot of people stronger than Yun Yun..." When Nalan Yanran was about to exit the door a clear girl"s cold voice sounded within the hall.
The steps of the three paused and they glanced towards the corner where the voice came from finding a purple dressed girl slowly flipping a book.
The sunlight shined through the window next to her and perfectly wrapped around the girl. From afar she looked like a heavenly purple lotus blooming clean and graceful as if she was from the heavens.
As if she felt the glances from the three the girl picked her head up from the old book and within the autumn like eyes of hers a thin line of golden flame peeked out.
Looking at the thin flame within the girl"s eyes Ge Ye immediately stiffened and a fearful expression crossed his wizened face. His shriveled hands immediate grabbed the confused Nalan Yanran and young man and he fled from the main hall as if he was fearing for his life.
Looking at the actions of Ge Ye except for a few people the others all had expressions of confusion.


Chapter 8:The Mysterious Elder
Emotionlessly leaving the main hall the frustrated Xiao Yan followed his daily routine and slowly climbed to the top of the mountain behind the clan building. Sitting at the top of the mountain Xiao Yan calmly watched the steep mountaintops far away being shrouded in mist. There in the mist was the Jia Ma Empire"s famous Magic Beast Mountain Range.
"Hehe power ah... In this world without power you"re not even worth some excrement. At least no one tries to trample on excrement." With shoulders waving up and down the young man"s soft self-taunting voice echoed across the top of the mountain filling the air with sadness.
Yanking his hair Xiao Yan bit down on his lip allowing the bloody taste to spread in his mouth. Even though he didn"t let his emotions get to him in the main hall the Nalan Yanran"s words stabbed at his heart like knives.
"I will never be insulted like this again!" Opening his left hand which still had the bloody scar from the events of the day Xiao Yan"s voice was hoarse but firm.
"Hehe kid looks like you need some help."
Right when Xiao Yan pledged his oath a wizened strange laugh entered his ear.
Xiao Yan"s face changed and he immediately turned around. With a hawk-like gaze he scanned his surroundings but didn"t even find a shadow...
"Hehe stop searching I"m on your finger."
Right when Xiao Yan thought that he was hallucinating the strange laugh aimlessly sounded again.
Xiao Yan"s eyes contracted and his gaze fell on his right hand"s black ring.
"You"re talking?" Enduring his heart"s pounding Xiao Yan tried to keep his voice calm.
"Kid you"re quite calm to not have been scared witless." From the ring a taunting voice sounded.
"Who are you? Why are you in my ring? What are trying to do?"
After calming himself Xiao Yan asked the essential questions.
"Who am I? You don"t need to know I won"t harm you. Hahaha after all these years I finally found someone with a soul strong enough. What luck! Hehe I should thank you for your offerings over the past three years otherwise I would probably still be sleeping."
"Offerings?" Xiao Yan blinked his eyes in confusion. After a moment his face darkened and chilling words jumped out of his teeth with difficulty: "My Dou Qi disappearing... you did that?"
"Hehe I had to do that kid don"t be mad at me."
"You F*CKER!"
The normally calm and composed Xiao Yan became enraged like a lunatic. His small face was filled with savagery and without caring that the ring was the only memento of his mother he ripped the ring off of his finger and flung it over the cliff with all of his might.
As the ring left his hand Xiao Yan"s mind finally cleared. Hurriedly he tried to catch the flying ring but the ring had already passed cliff freefalling down the mountain...
Staring at the ring disappearing into the mist Xiao Yan was stunned for a long time. Finally his face lost its savagery and calmed. He smacked his forehead upset: "Idiot that was too reckless too reckless!"
To realize that the culprit of his humiliation for the past three years was the ring he always wore it was unsurprising that Xiao Yan reacted so violently.
After sitting at the edge of the cliff for a long time Xiao Yan helplessly shook his head. Standing up he prepared to go back but his eyes widened and his finger shakily pointed at the thing in front of him.
In front of Xiao Yan was the pitch-black ring floating in the sky. But the thing that surprised Xiao Yan the most was the transparent wizened figure above the ring...
"Hehe kid you don"t need to be so mad do you? I only took three years of your Dou Qi." The transparent elder smiled at the stunned Xiao Yan.
Xiao Yan"s mouth twitched and he pushing down his anger. He said: "Geezer since you were hiding within the ring then you should know how much pain you"ve caused me since you took my Dou Qi right?"
"But with these three years of humiliations you"ve matured right? Do you think that three years ago you would have had this kind of tolerance and mindset?"
Xiao Yan furrowed his brows but his emotions started to calm down. After the rage a hint of happiness took over Xiao Yan. Since he knew why his Dou Qi was disappearing his talent had returned!
Thinking about the chance to take off the title of crippled that countless others had put on him Xiao Yan felt as if he had been reborn. The detestable elder in front him didn"t look as annoying as before.
Some things after they disappear would make one start appreciating their value! After losing and regaining it one treasures it more!
Lightly twisting his wrist Xiao Yan let out a long breath and said: "Even though I don"t know who you are I would like to know if you plan on staying in the ring to steal my Dou Qi. If that"s the case then I would ask for you to find a new owner I can"t afford to keep on raising you."
"Hehe other people don"t have as strong of Soul Perception as you." The elder stroked his beard: "Since I already chose to appear then before you give me permission I won"t take your Dou Qi."
Xiao Yan rolled his eyes and sneered without saying anything. He had already decided regardless of anything the elder says he would not keep that ring by his side.
"Kid do you want to become strong? Do you want to be respected by other?" Even though Xiao Yan had already decided to not have anything more to do with the elder his heart started beating rapidly when he heard those words.
"I already know why my Dou Qi was disappearing and with my talent why do I need you to become strong?" Letting out a small breath Xiao Yan smoothly said. He knew that there were no free lunches in this world. To owe a mysterious person a favor isn"t a smart move.
"Kid even though your talent is pretty good you should know that you"re already 15 but your Dou Qi is only at 3 Duan. I think that I heard that your adult ceremony is next year right? Do you think that within a year using your talent and hard work you can get to 7 Duan Qi? In addition the girl who you promised to fight three years from now doesn"t have shabby talent either. You want to catch up and surpass her? It"s not going to be easy." The elder"s face that was full of wrinkles blossomed like a Chrysanthemum.
"If you didn"t take my Dou Qi then do you think that any of this would have happened? You old f*cker!" After his biggest weakness was exposed Xiao Yan"s face darkened once again and he started to curse.
After cursing Xiao Yan felt a hint of despair. In his current situation no matter how much he cursed there would be no effect. The practice of Dou Qi required a strong foundation. Back when he was four it took him 6 years to get to 9 Duan Dou Qi. Even with his talent getting to 7 Duan Qi in just one year was hopeless.
Sighing depressedly Xiao Yan glanced at the pretentious elder. The edge of his mouth curled and he asked: "Do you have a solution?"
"Maybe." The elder vaguely replied.
"If you help me to get to 7 Duan Qi in just one year then I"ll forgive you for taking my Dou Qi for three years. How"s that?" Xiao Yan probingly asked.
"Hehe wishful thinking kid."
"If you can"t help me then why should I keep you someone useless by my side? You should find another unfortunate person..." Xiao Yan knew that the transparent elder couldn"t randomly take Dou Qi from other people so he knew that he had some leverage in the negotiations.
"You"re not even remotely close to a 15 year old young man. Looks like these three years really helped you grow a lot. Did my plan backfire?" Looking at the clever Xiao Yan the elder paused and then dumbfoundedly shook his head.
Xiao Yan shrugged his shoulders and lightly said: "If you want me to keep you by my side then you should at least have some sincerity right?"
"What a sharp mouthed kid. Alright alright after all I do need your help." Without another choice the elder nodded and slowly came to the ground. After examining Xiao Yan for a while a treacherous smile spread across his face. But as soon as it appeared it left and the elder pondered for a moment before unwilling asking: "Do you want to become an alchemist?"


Chapter 9:Yao Lao
"Alchemist?"
Hearing the elder"s words Xiao Yan paused before continuing: "In the Dou Qi mainland everyone wants to become an Alchemist but is it that easy to become an alchemist? There are so many harsh requirements..." Suddenly Xiao Yan"s voice fell and he raised his head: "I MET THE REQUIREMENTS?"
Enjoying the shocked yet excited expression that Xiao Yan showed the elder stroked his beard slowly. After looking over Xiao Yan for a few more seconds he finally said with some helplessness: "Even though you barely make the cut I owe you a favor. Hah whatever I"ll let this count as the favor returned..."
Looking at the reluctant elder Xiao Yan thought that the geezer was lying about him barely making the cut but he was too lazy to probe further. Despite his excitement he still had his suspicions. "Even if I make the cut alchemists are taught by other alchemists. Are you an alchemist?"
Looking at the suspicious little face of Xiao Yan the elder straightened and with pride he said "Yup I"m an alchemist!"
Blinking his eyes Xiao Yan"s gaze at the elder became bright. Alchemists those are really rare...
"Mister if you don"t mind me asking what rank alchemist were you before?" Xiao Yan licked his lips and his young voice was infused with a hint of respect.
In Dou Qi mainland even though alchemists were very rare there were still differences between alchemists. From low to high the stages for alchemists range from the lowest 1 to the highest 9. The Pill King Gu He that made the Gathering Qi Powder that Nalan Yanran offered was a sixth stage alchemist and within the Jia Ma Empire he could be considered to be the top alchemist!
"What stage? Hehe I don"t remember ... . Hey kid do you want to learn it or not?" the elder impatiently asked while shaking his head.
"Of course I want to!"
Xiao Yan didn"t hesitate anymore and hurriedly nodded with his small head. Alchemists even with forces as powerful as Faction of Misty Clouds were treated with respect and deference.
"Hehe you want to? Since you want to then you should pay your respects to your teachers." The elder sat on a green rock and coiled his legs beneath himself.
"I need to pay my respects to my teacher?"
"Ridiculous! To not pay your respects and still expect me to teach you all that I know? You"re dreaming!" The elder rolled his eyes looks like the pedantic elder really cared about these student-teacher relationships.
Helpless with a dour face Xiao Yan could only respectfully pay his respects to the elder to become an honorable alchemist.
After watching Xiao Yan finish paying his respects the elder finally nodded his head satisfied. In his voice a hint of intimacy appeared: "My name is Yao Lao. As for my origin you don"t need to know for now so that you don"t get distracted. All you need to know is that the Pill King is ... only trash in my eyes."
The edges of his mouth twitching Xiao Yan watched the elder"s carefree expression and thought: What is this geezer? The famous Pill King Gu He in Jia Ma Empire is only trash? If this spreads then the whole of Jia Ma would probably assume that he"s mentally ill.
Lightly taking in a breath and pushing down his shock Xiao Yan"s eyes darted around and with some droll he asked: "Umm teacher how will you help me to get to 7 Duan Qi within one year?"
"Even though for the past three years your Dou Qi has always been declining your foundation in Dou Qi is much firmer than other people. In Dou Qi training the foundation is the most important! Later you"ll be able to discover how many benefits these three years have brought you!" Yao Lao"s smile slowly disappeared and he took on a more serious expression.
Xiao Yan was stunned he was never told that having one"s strength taken away would bring benefits.
"Then when are you going to teach me alchemy?" Xiao Yan steered his thoughts onto the most important thing.
"To become an alchemist you need to have Dou Qi of the Fire-Attribute. So before you become an alchemist you have to at least become a Dou Zhe and learn a fire attribute Dou Qi method!"
Xiao Yan held out his hand and laughingly asked: "Fire attribute Dou Qi method? Hehe teacher since I"m your student you should give me a Tian Level fire attribute Dou Qi method right?"
Hearing that Yan Lao indignantly scolded Xiao Yan: "Really? Do you think that Tian Stage Dou Qi Methods are like potatoes in the ground? How could you say something like that?!"
"Geezer since I"ve already become your student you can"t possibly let me go into my clan to find Dou Qi methods right? Our clan"s top fire attribute Dou Qi method is only a high huang level. That"s way too shabby for an alchemist!" Xiao Yan"s face showed how depressed he was.
"Brat I"m your teacher not a geezer!"
Hearing Xiao Yan"s disrespectful words Yao Lao rolled his eyes when he realized that Xiao Yan didn"t care about being respectful to his elders.
"Hmph! Since you"re my student I wouldn"t let you practice some shabby methods. Tian Stage Methods? I don"t have them! But I have a method that"s a lot stronger than a normal Tian Stage Method. Do you want to learn it?" Yao Lao"s turbid old eyes suddenly became conspiratorial.
"Stronger than a Tian Stage Dou Qi Method?"
His heart beats rapidly. Xiao Yan swallowed some saliva and in his pitch black eyes a hint of anticipation could be found. "Then what level Dou Qi Method is it?"
"Low Huang Level." Yao Lao"s light laughter made Xiao Yan"s face stiffen.
"Geezer you were playing me?"
A furious voice sounded on the peak of the mountain.
Looking at the twisted face of the young man Yao Lao started laughing. To be able to make the calm Xiao Yan that mad he had a feeling of accomplishment.
"What"s strange about that Dou Qi Method?" Watching Yao Lao\xb4s bantering face Xiao Yan suddenly calmed down.
"It can evolve!"
Xiao Yan"s eyes widened and without blinking Xiao Yan stared at Yao Lao"s face trying to find a hint that Yao Lao was lying but after a few seconds he shook his head: "No way! I"ve never heard of any Dou Qi method that can evolve!"
"Huu what do you know? Dou Qi mainland is huge and strange people and things happen all the time. In your limited mind you haven"t even gone outside of Jia Ma Empire. There are tons of impossible things that are actually possible."
Xiao Yan paused before saying: "Then have you ever heard about Dou Qi Methods that can evolve?"
Yao Lao"s smile stiffened: "Because there aren"t any other like it this Dou Qi Method is unique!"
"It can evolve?" Looking at Yao Lao"s serious face Xiao Yan couldn"t help but ask again.
"It can evolve!" Yao Lao seriously nodded.
"Have you tried it?"
"Oh... No."
"Have other people tried it?"
"Oh... No."
On Xiao Yan"s forehead a vein could be seen. With his hands curled tightly Xiao Yan tried to resist his impulse to go over and punch the elder. "If no one else has ever tried it then how do you know that it can evolve?"
"It"s explained like that on the Dou Qi Method."
"There really are such Dou Qi Methods?" His brows furrowed Xiao Yan hesitated before saying: "Can you let me see it?"
"Hehe..." Looking at the curious Xiao Yan Yao Lao"s mouth opened but what came out wasn"t what Xiao Yan was expecting. "Never mind. There"s no use if you see it now so why don"t you become a Dou Zhe first before I pass it on to you."
Xiao Yan"s outstretched hand paused and after the edge of his mouth twitched for a while he spat out three words: "You"re ruthless!"
Happily laughing Yao Lao ignored the anger-filled pupils of Xiao Yan and said: "Our current mission is to get your Dou Qi up to 7 Duan within 1 year."
Xiao Yan pushed down his curiosity and anger for the Dou Qi Method and asked with clenched teeth "How are you going to do that?"
Yao Lao with a serious face said: "When one begins to train their Dou Qi their main focus is to build muscle and strengthen internal Qi paths so that they have a foundation for when they materialize their Dou Qi within their body. Because people at your age have weak internal Qi paths and can be molded you need to take the training process step by step and you can"t use outside force to boost your training speed or else in the future when your Dou Qi becomes stronger your internal Qi paths won"t be able to withstand the force of Dou Qi pushing through the paths and your Qi paths would burst which would be when you would die."
Xiao Yan knew this as well as Yao Lao because in the three years that he was crippled his father was very worried and quite a few times he tried to forcibly push Dou Qi into Xiao Yan"s body but every time at the last second he would stop so Xiao Yan knew the stakes involved.
Yao Lao glanced at the calm Xiao Yan and satisfiedly nodded his head. "But that only applies to others. You"re different. Your internal foundation was already solid and reliable three years ago and since then because of your firm personality you never stopped training your Qi. Therefore your foundation right now I can say that it is great!"
"So you want to use outside forces to train my Qi? Like pills?"
"Pretty much. But with the toughness of your Qi paths right now you won"t be able to take the force of any of the pills going through your Qi paths. Even the rudimentary Gathering Qi Powder you wouldn"t be able to use!"
"The rudimentary Gathering Qi Powder..." Xiao Yan wanted to roll his eyes again. In Jia Ma Empire a Gathering Qi Powder would fetch sky-high prices. But from his teacher these Gathering Qi Powder became the most rudimentary things. The difference between the two left Xiao Yan stunned.
"Then your plan?" Taking a deep breath Xiao Yan recovered and furrowed his brows again.
"Hehe since pills are too fierce and can hurt your Qi paths we need to use a milder method!" Yao Lao smiles and says: "Tomorrow prepare for me three complete stalks of Purple Leaved Bluegrass where the older they are the better. Also I need two stalks of Bone Washing Flower the age of it doesn"t matter. Oh right I"ll also need a level 1 wood attributed monster core. These are all low-grade material so you should be able to get them... Someone"s coming I"ll go back into the ring! Also don"t let anyone else know of my existence including your closest family." After saying that Yao Lao ignored the stunned Xiao Yan and jumped into the black ring. The ring shakes a bit and flies onto Xiao Yan"s finger.
"Three stalks of Purple Leaved Bluegrass? Two stalks of Bone Washing Flower? A wood attribute monster core? Geezer are you sure that"s right? Do you think that I"m some royal prince? These things added altogether costs over a thousand gold coin! After a few years of saving money to the point where I would skip meals and never spend on luxury items I only have 400 gold coins. That"s only enough for one level 1 wood attribute monster core!" Xiao Yan pointed at the motionless ring and cursed.
"That"s your own problem. Hehe other people would lust after my nourishing fluids but all I"m asking is for you to get the money for the material and you"re already crying about that..." Yao Lao"s taunting laughter sounded within Xiao Yan"s heart.
"Damn it! The things that alchemists make can only be afforded by rich people." Xiao Yan helplessly laughed. His allowance each month was only 20 gold coins. This was by no means a small amount; it would be enough for a small normal family to feed themselves for an entire year! But the money that he had was barely enough to buy one of the items that Yao Lao required. This is the difference between alchemists and other people!
"Hah looks like I have to borrow it from someone..." Sighing a depressed breath Xiao Yan slowly regained his composure and his small face recovered to his normal calm face. Turning his head towards the path up the mountain he could make out a purple figure climbing the mountain like a spirit.


Chapter 10:Borrowing Money
Tiptoeing on the rocks Xiao Xun was like a beautiful purple butterfly with hypnotizing curves as she gracefully scaled the mountain. As she looks upward her gaze focuses toward the youth standing next to the cliff.
Looking at the youth Xiao Xun felt surprised. Even though it had only been a couple of hours she noticed that compare to before Xiao Yan has obtained something...
When their eyes meet she finally realized what Xiao Yan has regained. His own confidence.
After three years Xiao Yan"s brilliance has returned at last.
Indulging in the transparent lingering on Xiao Yan"s lips two dimples appear Xiao Xun"s pretty face: "Looks like Xiao Yan didn"t need Xun Er to come and comfort him..."
"People grow after experiencing hardships don"t they?" Xiao Yan shrugs his shoulders.
"She will definitely regret it."
Xun Er curls her lips and says the words as if she were a judge having the final say on a court case.
Xiao Yan lightly smiles pats his clothes and walks towards her.
When he gets near her looking at Xun Er who"s about the same height he glances at the young but nevertheless pretty face. Suddenly Xiao Yan feels dizzy remembering the girl who would be drooling all the time and following Xiao Yan everywhere. She"s so pretty now...
Lightly smiling Xiao Yan"s gaze softens and he rudely pinches Xiao Xun"s face underneath her shocked look: "Xun Er"s grown up! But you turned out fine not forgetting how Xiao Yan ge-ge would be covered with bruises trying to pick fruit from the trees."
Stunned at Xiao Yan"s intimate actions Xun Er stiffens for a whole second before her pitch-black free of impurities eyes smiles.
When she was still small Xiao Yan loved to pinches her cheeks but ever since the event three years ago he set up an invisible wall next to his heart and pushed everyone out. No matter how hard she tried she would always be disappointed by the cold and impassive attitude of his...
He"s back... But it seems like he still considers me to be immature he"s such a log... Xun Er complains in her heart after an instant Xun Er criticizes herself for being too greedy.
"Xun Er for these past three years please don"t blame Xiao Yan ge-ge for being like that. I was living day by day but thankfully you were always by my side." Xiao Yan awkwardly nods his head and apologizes.
Xun Er sweetly smiles. The grievances she had endured for the past three years disappeared with the awkward apology.
"Hah oh right. Xun Er... How much money do you have?" Letting go of Xun Er"s face Xiao Yan does a hollow laugh and asks.
In his clan with the exception of his father Xun Er was the only person that was in a good relationship with him. He had just shamed his father this morning so he could not bear to face his father to ask for money which is why he asked Xun Er.
gun truy\u1ec7n: Truy\u1ec7nYY.
"Money?" Blinking her crystal clear eyes Xun Er is taken by surprise: "Xiao Yan ge-ge needs money?"
"Yes... I want to buy some items though I"m a bit short." Xiao Yan felt embarrassed this was the first time he borrowed money from a girl.
Looking at the usual frigid Xiao Yan now in distress Xiao Xun Er looks at a completely different person. Covering her mouth and smiling cutely: "I have more than a thousand gold coins is that enough? If not..."
While speaking Xun Er"s fingers behind her swiftly flick and a purple gold card suddenly appears between her fingers. On the card are five different waves of color.
5 Wave Purple Cold Card in Dou Qi mainland you have to be at least a Dou Ling(If Dou Zhe is first Dou Ling is 4th) to have the honor of using this type of gold card that represents their rank Of course some special powers also have the privilege of getting the card.
"That"s enough that"s enough..." Happily nodding his head Xiao Yan forcefully tried to stop himself from pinching Xun Er"s cute face.
"Don"t worry I"ll pay you back later." Xiao Yan promises while patting his chest.
"You don"t need to pay me back..." Xun Er pouts and quickly hides her purple gold card.
"Let"s go! It"s almost night now tomorrow I"ll bring you to Wu Tang City for a walk." Xiao Yan waved towards the girl and cheerfully descended the mountain.
Standing still Xun Er delightfully looked at the youth who had regained his boldness from three years ago Smiling softly she murmured: "Nalan Yanran should I despise you or be grateful to you?"
...
Early morning the sun shone warmly through the window onto the body of the cross-legged youth in meditation.
"Whew..."
After meditating nearly all night Xiao Yan inhaled deeply a translucent white airflow that was visible to the naked eyes went through his mouth and nose and into his body nursing his body and bones.
White light shined from his eyes as he suddenly opened his eyes. Xiao Yan stretched himself and passionately says "This is exactly this feeling after three years the feeling of Qi has returned!"
He slowly gets out of his bed exercises himself a bit before starting changing. From outside the room Xun Er"s voice softly carries inside: "Xiao Yan ge-ge still sleeping?"
She arrived here so early. Shaking his head Xiao Yan turned around and then searched his drawers. Finally with reluctance he pulled out a small box and carefully opened it. He narrowed his eyes from the glint of silver inside that box.
"And this is my entire savings..." Holding his money box Xiao Yan smiled bitterly while shaking his head.
Xiao Yan gently smiled as he walked out of his room and saw the dazzling girl in front of his door.
Xun Er had changed into a pale green outfit that made her looked even more naturally beautiful. She also had a pair of tight pants that stretched across her slender thighs and long legs emphasizing her curves.
With long legs Xun Er can be compared to young girls on earth full of youthful vitality and seductivity of course she has her special elegance which Xiao Yan had never seen on any other girl but her...
"Here it"s what you"ll need." Looking at Xiao Yan exiting his room Xun Er smiled and handed him a black card. This is a common card the maximum it can contain is only 5000 gold coins.
Receiving the black card Xiao Yan teases: "Little girl why are you wearing such an attractive outfit? Could it be you"re having a date with somebody else?"
"Yeah this is the first time in three years that Xiao Yan ge-ge has invited me out Xun Er is very flattered so of course I have to dress up a little." Xiao Yan"s intimate tease made Xun Er"s eyes bend into a shallow crescent shape while smiling coquettishly.
Reluctantly shaking his head Xiao Yan smiles back happily. They chat while walking together towards the city at about halfway they were greeted by some clansmen looking at their affectionate conversation with a strange face.
Xun Er be it beauty or talent is the brightest pearl of the young generation in the clan. She usually is friendly to everybody but under her light smile is indifference greetings with her are easy but to start a long conversation would be very difficult.
Ignoring the looks of the other clansmen Xian Yan quickly leads Xun Er out of the clan before slowing down and leisurely peeking at the stall on the side of the street...
Wu Tang City lives up to its name of being one of the larger cities in Jia Ma Empire by the sheer number of people living in it. Even though the sun was beating down on the streets were thousands if not tens of thousands of people there would even be one or two bizarre races.
Maybe it was because of Xiao Yan beside her but Xun Er became a lot more active after she exited the clan. She tugged the reluctant Xiao Yan into a variety of stall. Her tender laughter made the scorching street a little cooler.
When Xun Er finally got tired Xiao Yan finally brang her to the nearby Pharmacy. After spending about 900 gold coins he bought 3 stalks of 20 year Purple Leaved Bluegrass along with two stalks of 5 year Bone Washing Grass. These were both low end materials and would be able to bought at a regular pharmacy. For higher end materials Xiao Yan would have had to find them himself or buy them at an auction or if he was lucky in a high end pharmacy.
Looking at the rapidly decreasing funds Xiao Yan bitterly smiled. He realized how important money was in Dou Qi Mainland...
Anyways he got all of the herbs all that was left was the level one wood attributed monster core!


Chapter 11:The Market
Monster cores in the Dou Qi Mainland they are also known as Magic Crystals. The Monster Core is the energy nuclei within a magic monster. The monster core is filled with extremely violent world energy. When facing this kind of violent world energy even a Dou Wang wouldn"t risk absorbing a monster core.
Even though Monster cores cannot be absorbed directly it is a core ingredient in alchemy. A monster core that goes through an Alchemist"s" refining can be infused with some herbs to become desirable and expensive pills that can increases one"s strength.
Furthermore monster cores can be placed on weapons. The weapon that has been fused with a monster core does not only have increased destructive power it can also have special Dou Qi effects and becomes a highly sought after commodity in the Dou Qi Mainland.
Besides weapons Monster Cores can also be added to armors and defensive equipment. The defensive equipment that have Monster Cores have an extreme defense and give their users an extra safety net when they"re in danger.
With that many uses monster cores are naturally the most sought after items within the Dou Qi Mainland. Not only Dou Zhes but even respectable Alchemists search in person for high level monster cores in order to create higher quality level pills.
Under such demand the supply for monster cores on the mainland is always unable to meet the demand from the buyers thus whenever a high level core appears in any auction or other setting it was bought immediately at a high price.
Because of the high value of monster cores many mercenary groups specialize in killing magic monsters for a living but getting a monster core is not a simple task.
First magic monsters are not only extremely strong but also very cunning. Because of their devious nature and special attacking methods magical beasts can be much stronger than humans of the same rank. Hence without outstanding power of your own trying to kill a magical beast on your own is impossible and may possibly lose your life without getting a magical core.
Even if you do kill a magic beast not all magical beasts possess a magic core the probability of a magical beast having a core is almost random so a mercenary group could have half of their force killed trying to kill a magic monster and yet not find a core. These kinds of incidents happen all the time in Dou Qi Mainland...
Thus the price of monster cores in Dou Qi Mainland are all very expensive.
......
Bringing Xun Er through twisting alleys Xiao Yan finally arrives at a market that"s slightly south in the city. In Wu Tang city there are a few medium sized markets and all of them are controlled by one of the three clans. The market Xiao Yan is going in is under Xiao clan"s control.
Even though it"s under Xiao clan"s control Xiao Clan is actually only maintaining order and safety in the market. And for compensation be it mercenaries or merchants who set up stalls they have to pay taxes to the clan this is the rule of Dou Qi Mainland for a long time and rarely anybody would try to go against it.
At the front entrance of the market there were two guards from Xiao clan. They undoubtedly knew Xiao Yan and Xun Er judging from when the guards saw them coming the guards paused and immediately bowed.
Slightly nodding his head Xiao Yan walked inside and looking at the neverending stream of people he couldn"t help himself from licking his lips. No wonder the clan keeps the market under strict control with this many people visiting the market the profits for the clan can"t be low...
"Third young master Miss Xun Er would you like to buy something in the market?" Right when the two were dizzy looking at the sheer number of people a respectful voice sounded behind them.
Hearing the sound Xiao Yan turned his head. Behind him were seven to eight guys that were wearing the Xiao Clan"s uniform. The speaker appeared to be a 30 years old mature man wearing a badge with 6 gold stars he is obviously a six star Dou Zhe.
Noticing the doubt in Xiao Yan"s eyes the man honestly smiled and said: "Third young master I"m called Pei En. The clan leader appointed me to be the leader of the guards for maintaining safety in the market. Ah! Last year during young master"s birthday I Pei En came..."
"Oh it"s Uncle Pei En!"
Xiao Yan blinked and even though he does not have any impression of Pei En his introduction made Xiao Yan smile. Since the man was personally appointed by his father he would naturally be his subordinate there would be no issues with loyalty.
Even though the Xiao Clan wasn"t some big and influential force the clan was divided into different factions. If the man standing in front of him was under the control of the elders he would have never been so kind and would have just said some customary greetings.
"I was bored in the clan so I decided to come out and look around. Uncle Pei En you should go and do your work if I have any questions I"ll be sure to ask you." Xiao Yan"s young voice didn"t have any hints of arrogance that a normal young master might have; instead his voice was soft and respectful anyone who heard it would feel a slight sense of pride and joy.
With another Uncle the smile on Pei En"s face widened and became more sincere. Nodding his head he said: "Then enjoy looking around third young master. Our people are all over the market so if you need anything then just call out for us."
Respectfully nodding his head Xiao Yan pulls Xun Er and plunged into the horde of people disappearing from Pei En"s sight...
"Pa Li bring two men and follow Third Young Master. Also warn the thieves in the market that if any of them have any ideas on Third Young Master or Xun Er then they don"t need to be in this market anymore." Looking at the disappearing young boy and girl Pei En turned around and his honest face was replaced by a cunning and capable face.
"Yes captain!" One of the men lowly answered and with a wave of his hand him and two other men also go into the multitudes of people.
"Haha Third Young Master is still so gentle it allows people to be relaxed around him..." Looking at the three men mixing in with the crowd Pei En smiles but in an instant the smile turns into a frown and he sighed: "Third Young Master is such a nice person it"s regretful haa..."
Regretfully shaking his head Pei En leads his remaining underlings and goes to patrol the streets.
...
Lazily following Xiao Yan Xun Er "accidentally" glance behind her and smiled: "Xiao Yan ge-ge. Pei En"s quite nice."
Xiao Yan answered with a yup and scans towards a nearby stall. His soul perception was far greater than normal people so he could detect the guards following him. Looking back forward Xiao Yan slows down and walks side by side with Xun Er. Tilting his head he jokes: "9 Duan Qi and already able to detect three hiding guards. Xun Er pretty good..."
Xun Er copies Xiao Yan and cutely shrugged her shoulders bringing out her trump card: Smile Stay silent!
Looking at the silent Xun Er a smile began to form on his lips. Lightly patting her head he whispers: "Even though I don"t know who you are or where you"re from I do know that you are my sister and no matter what happens in the future I will always protect you." Lightly smiling Xiao Yan speeds up and breaks out of his line from Xun Er.
Her feet stopping Xun Er stared with her beautiful eyes at the back of the young man that just talked with her. After pausing for a while a smile begins to creep onto her delicate face.
Within the crowd her figure was swaying back and forth like a lotus elegant and pretty...
"Sister? Xun Er is a very greedy girl though..." Tilting her head Xun Er mutters and then quickly catches up to the young man in front of her.
......
Following Xiao Yan while he examines the stalls by the side Xun Er and Xiao Yan slowly move into the more populated and expensive inner parts of the market. The people that come here to buy and sell usually have decent money or physical power.
While Xiao Yan was engrossed in trying to find a Monster Core Xiao Xun who was bored walked up to a clean stall and with her pale-white hand picks up a light green bracelet. The bracelet wasn"t crafted with anything special but it had a hint of Ice Silver which made it feel cold to the touch perfect for hot summer days. In addition even though the material was quite plain the craftsmanship wasn"t bad...
Right when Xun Er decided to buy the bracelet she remembered that she had loaned all of her money to Xiao Yan. Slightly turning around and seeing the busy young man she could only helplessly shake her head and smile at the old stall owner. Putting down the bracelet she lazily started moving forward... Her calm manner wouldn"t let her ask anyone to buy anything for her even if it was Xiao Yan....
After walking forward for a bit right when the bored Xun Er decided to go back to Xiao Yan a clear laughter rings from ahead.
"Huh isn"t this Ms. Xun Er? Hehe I wouldn"t have thought to find you here it must be fate."
Her thin brow lightly furrowing Xun Er tried to find the source of the voice but only saw a group of people. The group was following behind a luxuriously dressed young man.
The young man was only 20+ years old and was quite handsome. His face was slightly pale but his eyes were filled with heat and were staring at the young girl standing in front of him. Within his gaze was also an unrestrained hint of lust.


Chapter 12:Stay Away from Him
Looking at the delighted handsome youth Xun Er"s slim eyebrows wrinkled. Not paying attention to his call she turned away.
"Miss Xun Er!"
Looking at Xun Er from the side the handsome but pale young man became immediately anxious and quickly crossed to block her from the front.
Blocked by the youth Xun Er stopped her steps. Her pair of long and beautiful eyes were lazily narrowed staring at him. Yet she did not utter a single word.
"Miss Xun Er..." Stared at by pupils that were like water drops and despite the fact that he was used to flirting with beauties his breathing became somewhat hurried. His clever tongue had lost all of its use for the moment.
"Jia Lie Ao young master if there isn"t anything urgent please get out the way. I still have to do something."
Looking at this somewhat flush youth Xun Er finally spoke. Her soft and young voice made the young man"s pale face flush with a sick red.
"Hehe Miss Xun Er have you come to the market to buy something? I"m quite free right now so why don"t we look around the market together?" Taking a deep breath within his mind Jia Lie Ao"s smile was open and gentle. This smile along with his status and handsomeness had successfully landed him quite a few girls.
"Jia Lie Ao young master I already said that I have something to do! Can you move aside?" Xun Er"s small mouth curves upward and her voice was smooth without any hint of irritation.
Being rejected by Xun Er the edges of Jia Lie Ao"s mouth twitched but he kept his smile and pulled out a bracelet from his pockets. The bracelet was a light blue gold color and was made from Blue Gold. From the bracelet hanged a smoothed green ball-like monster core. A soft green was emitted from the monster core and scattered its light on the bracelet giving it a special hue. Looks like this intricate bracelet costs a lot!
"Hehe since Miss Xun Er has something to do then I Jia Lie Ao won"t block you anymore." Jiao Lei Ao tightly clutched the bracelet and smiles: "This was a bracelet that I just bought in the market even though it"s not too expensive it has a level one wood attribute monster core which greatly helps in the recovery of Dou Qi. Since Miss Xun Er hasn"t become a Dou Zhe yet this bracelet is perfect for you. This is just a small gift of mine so please don"t say no. After all I would lose face in front of my underlings..." At the end Jia Lie Ao purposefully lowered his voice and the underlings around him as if it was a play grinned on cue.
Looking at Jia Lie Ao"s actions Xun Er"s brow lifted. She didn"t know how to deal with such a person.
Right when she was about to refuse her sight fell onto the green monster core on the bracelet and remembered how Xiao Yan was busily trying to find a wood attribute monster core. Her long eyelashes lightly blinked and her impassive face relaxed a bit...
Looking at Xun Er"s relaxed face Jia Lie Ao"s heart flutters happily and quickly pushes the Wood Attribute Bracelet forward: "Miss Xun Er there"s no need to be courteous. Jia Lie Clan and Xiao Clan are both in the top three clans of Wu Tang City so exchanging little gifts is common."
"I"ll take the bracelet and remove the monster core and give to Xiao Yan ge-ge. As for the bracelet when he"s not paying attention... I"ll throw it away." With this mischievous thought Xun Er didn"t hesitate anymore and stretches her hand out about to take the bracelet. Suddenly a hand grabs her hand and stops her from taking the bracelet.
Right when her hand was grabbed Xun Er pauses in shock before having the Dou Qi in her body flowing in order to protect herself. But right when her hand was about to go free from the grasp a young male hmph made her obediently stop struggling.
Looking behind her Xun Er saw Xiao Yan. When her sight moved a bit higher she saw a harsh young face.
"Don"t you know what he"s like?" Scowling at Xun Er Xiao Yan criticized himself in his mind. Then he looks up and says: "Jia Lie Ao young master your thought is graciously accepted by Xun Er but as for the gift you should take it back."
Looking at the destroyed atmosphere a hint of anger flashed within Jia Lie Ao"s eyes. But in front of Xun Er he tried to keep his "gentlemanly" air and waxily smiles: "Xiao Yan young master I saw that Miss Xun Er didn"t have any jewelry so I wanted to help her a bit. Do you not want to let her have a few small trinkets to accentuate her beauty?"
Helplessly sighing Xiao Yan glances at the Wood Attribute bracelet in Jia Lie Ao"s hand and took out another green bracelet and with some frustration asks: "Do you really like bracelets? Here you go don"t take other people"s stuff for no reason. I already told you that there is no such thing as a free lunch. The ones who offer free stuff always have a hidden motive. With your innocent look you may have been sold by someone and still wouldn"t know what had happened."
Hearing Xiao Yan"s words that were obviously directed at him Jia Lie Ao"s face becomes cold. But when he saw the bracelet on Xiao Yan"s hand he couldn"t help but laugh.
The bracelet in Xiao Yan"s hands from a material standpoint couldn"t have costed more that 5 Gold Coins. While his Wood Attribute Bracelet which had an authentic monster core cost an entire 1000+ gold coins. The two bracelets no matter how you look at it either price or actual usefulness had a huge difference and Xiao Yan"s bracelet couldn"t even compare to the Wood Attribute Bracelet. So when Jia Lie Ao saw Xiao Yan giving such a poor bracelet to the beautiful Xun Er he couldn"t help but criticize Xiao Yan: "Xiao Yan I know that you don"t have a high position in your clan but... but why would you give such pitiful thing to Xun Er?"
Ignoring Jia Lie Ao"s taunt Xiao Yan looked at the young girl who was staring at the bracelet in his hand and hurriedly asked: "Do you want it or not? If you don"t then I"ll just throw it away it was only 2-3 gold coins."
"Haa...." Hearing Xiao Yan"s words not only did Jia Lie Ao start laughing his underlings also started to laugh at Xiao Yan with a ridiculing tone.
But the ridiculing laugh didn"t continue for long before being cut off as if they had just had their necks cut off. On everyone was a hilariously stunned face.
Xun Er who had been stunned responded quickly to Xiao Yan"s words. Her two hands almost instinctively reached out and snatched the bracelet in Xiao Yan"s hand. After getting the bracelet Xun Er realized what she had done perhaps she had acted a bit too impatient...
A light red blush appeared on her delicate face but Xun Er wasn"t like other people and after a slight period of embarrassment she graciously hooked the bracelet onto her white wrist. Raising her head and giving a coy smile she said: "Thank you Xiao Yan ge-ge."
With an ugly face Jia Lie Ao stared at Xun Er who was quite intimate with Xiao Yan. On his face was apparent jealousy and he said: "Hehe I didn"t realize that Miss Xun Er"s preferences were so unique. I guess I"ve been mistaken."
Xiao Yan glances at Jia Lie Ao in front of him and his gaze landed on the gold star at his chest. He strangely thought: When I saw him last year he was only 9 Duan Qi right? Who would have thought that he would be successful in compressing his Dou Qi Cyclone. But to become a Dou Zhe at the age of 21 his talent is barely decent...
Seeing that Jia Lie Ao had no intention of leaving Xiao Yan pursed his lips. His wasn"t affected by the power and status behind Jia Lie Ao and since the Xiao Clan and Jia Lie Clan didn"t have good relations in the first place there was no need for him to act humble. Stroking his nose Xiao Yan lightly said: "Jia Lia Ao young master your womanizer habits are known by the entire Wu Tang City. Xun Er is still young and doesn"t have time to play with your flirting games so hopefully you can go after other girls in the future."
"Stay away from him!"
After speaking to Jia Lie Ao Xiao Yan ignored the green-faced Jia Lie Ao and used his age as an advantage to arrogantly speak to Xun Er.
"Okay."
Xun Er"s agile eyes blinked and nodded without any hesitation. To her Jia Lie Ao was just a stranger that she saw a couple of times while Xiao Yan for her was irreplaceable. Since Xiao Yan told her to stay away from Jia Lie Ao she"ll just stay away from him.
The choice wasn"t a hard one for Xun Er.


Chapter 13:Black Metal Piece
Seeing Xun Er nod at Xiao Yan"s words Jia Lie Ao"s mouth started twitching. He curled his fists and stared coldly at the calm and impassive young man before him.
Jia Lie Ao"s underlings seeing that their young master was quite angry quickly walked forward and surrounded both Xiao Yan and Xiao Xun. Their gazes revealing their bad intentions.
Even though it was deep within the market there were still quite a few people around and they turned their questioning gazes towards the surrounded group. Xiao Yan and Jia Lie Ao had quite a reputation in Wu Tang City Xiao Yan for his fall from genius to cripple and Jia Lie Ao for his less than honorable encounters with other women. Even though they were infamous they were still well known within the city.
Looking Jia Lie Ao"s group"s movements Xiao Yan"s brow jumped and on his young face a hint of confidence creeped. Lightly turning his head he whistled towards a spot within the market.
Seeing Xiao Yan"s actions everyone turned their head to the direction in which Xiao Yan whistled and saw the market"s guards furiously coming over under the lead of Pei En.
With his fellow guards Pei En rushed towards Xiao Yan and quickly the market"s guards surrounded Jia Lie Ao"s underlings who were surrounding Xiao Yan and Xiao Xun.
"Third young master anything wrong?" Walking up to Xiao Yan Pei En swept his glance over Jia Lie Ao and then respectfully asked Xiao Yan.
Xiao Yan lightly smiles and turned to face the green-faced Jia Lie Ao. He nonchalantly said: "Jia Lie Ao young master this market is controlled by Xiao Clan are you sure you want to fight here?"
Jia Lie Ao"s eyes revealed his fear for Pei En but he immediately sneered at Xiao Yan: "Do you only know to rely on your clan? If you are a man..."
"What you want to say is if I am a man then I would fight you one on one. Right?" Xiao Yan waved his hand and cut Jia Lie Ao off.
Jia Lie Ao sneered again and with a hint of challenge he said: "Yup are you afraid?"
Looking at the arrogant face of Jia Lie Ao Xiao Yan helplessly sighed and puts his hand up to feel his forehead. Moments later he raised his head and shrugs his shoulder and with innocence and naivety he asked: "Jia Lie Ao young master I would like to ask how old are you?"
The edge of Jia Lie Ao"s mouth twitched and he doesn"t respond.
"Big guy you"re already twenty one. How old am I? Fifteen! You"re actually asking a kid that hasn"t performed his coming of age ritual to fight you? Don"t you feel that your request is over the top don"t you feel embarrassed?" Xiao Yan"s innocent appearance was so realistic that Xun Er beside him couldn"t help but let out a soft laugh.
"Haha..."
Hearing the young man"s words the mercenary and merchant stall owners also let out laughs. Xiao Yan was right at his current age Xiao Yan could only be considered a kid but Jia Lie Ao would be considered an adult. A challenge of this kind made everyone look down upon Jia Lie Ao.
The laughter of the crowd was like a bucket of cold water and helped Jia Lie Ao regain his calm. From Xiao Yan"s maturity and calmness to his impassive attitude it was extremely easy for people to forget how old he really was. Therefore after Xiao Yan said his age Jia Lie Ao finally remembered that the young man standing in front of him was only fifteen.
Gnashing his teeth Jia Lie Ao looked at the leering guards behind Xiao Yan and realized that he didn"t have any chance of retaliation today. He could only shake his head and coldly say: "One more year and you"ll be undergoing the coming of age ritual right? Hehe I think that someone as crippled as you once you finish the coming of age ritual will only be sent to some remote and poor village. At that time you won"t even have the power to enter Wu Tang City pretty pitiful."
Xiao Yan lightly smiles and nonchalantly shrugs his shoulders.
Jia Lie Ao"s eyelids flickered. He didn"t know why but whenever he saw the calm face of the young man in front of him a mysterious rage boiled within him. You"re only a cripple and trying to act like you know everything...
Forcefully suppressing his anger Jia Lie Ao let out a cold hmph and with a wave of his hand commands his underlings to exit the crowd.
"Oh right...." His steps stopping Jia Lie Ao seemed to have remembered something and turning back he said: " Xiao Yan young master I heard that your Xiao Clan had their marriage with the Nalan Clan revoked. Hehe actually that isn"t unexpected. With your Qi talent you just can"t match the Miss Nalan. Haha..." After saying that Jia Lie Ao left laughing.
Xiao Yan"s gaze coldly followed the exit of Jia Lie Ao. Tightly holding Xun Er who was about to rush out he quietly said: "He"s just a mad dog.If he bites you why should you bite back?"
"But he.. went too far. We can"t just let him off like this?" Her eyebrows furrowing Xun Erindignantly replied.
"There will always be an opportunity..." Xiao Yan smirked and the coldness coming from his voice made Pei En shuddered. A lion"s bite might not be that scary but a lion that knows patience is another story a scary one...
"Uncle Pei En sorry for troubling you." Xiao Yan turned back and smiled gently toward Pei En"s group. The previously intense atmosphere all of a sudden changed into a lighthearted mood.
Impressed by the control over emotions that Xiao Yan exercised Pei En"s smile was reinforced by a sense of respect. Even with Xiao Yan"s lack of talent Xiao Yan"s future accomplishments probably wouldn"t be too shabby with his mental prowess.
"Haha third young master"s joking. This is Xiao Clan"s territory we wouldn"t allow Jia Lie Clan to do as they please here." Pei Em smiled and seeing that Xiao Yan started to look around he quickly took his leave along with his men.
Looking at the exiting Pei En and his group Xiao Yan turned around and ruffled Xun Er"s hair and said slightly forcefully: "A level 1 monster core made you forget your morals? You know as well as I do what kind of person Jia Lie Ao is. The moment you take his stuff he would definitely ask for favors."
Straightening her hair Xun Er flipped her hands upwards: "He wanted to give it me it was free."
Xiao Yan rolled his eyes and didn"t know whether to laugh or cry: "It isn"t like that"s something precious did you really need to act like that? Don"t forget you"re the young genius in Xiao Clan..."
Xun Er wrinkles her nose and raised the bracelet on her wrist. She taunted: "So Xiao Yan ge-ge has also been noticing Xun Er."
Xiao Yan stayed silent and pulling on Xun Er"s hand they walked towards some stalls deeper in the market...
After walking past quite a few stalls Xiao Yan"s feet finally stopped. He bent down and stared at a green orb that still had a trace of blood on the stall and said: "I"ve finally found it."
Moving his hand across the stall Xiao Yan"s was about to grab the monster core when his hand stiffened. A strange foreboding struck his mind...
Licking his lips Xiao Yan continued to pick up the monster core but his gaze as if by accident swept across the stall....
Moments later his gaze landed on a piece of black metal that was displayed beside the monster core.
The Black Metal Piece seemed extremely old with many specks of rust and even a couple spots of dirt. It looked as if it had just been excavated.
"Hey Yan Brat buy the black metal piece it"s something good..."
Right when Xiao Yan was confused about why he felt such a strong feeling towards the seemingly worthless metal Yao Lao"s voice sounded in his mind.


Chapter 14:Vacuum Hand
Listening to the voice inside his head Xiao Yan blinked and secretly nodded.
Instead of immediately grabbing the black metal piece Xiao Yan gently picked up the green monster core that was still dripping blood and looking at the shabby looking mercenary standing behind the stall he asked cheerfully: "Which magic monster did this monster core comes from?"
"Haha the eyes of young master are really good! This is a monster core from a first level magic monster named Swallow Wood Fox. It is a high quality core! Our Sharp Teeth Mercenary Group waited 3 days and ambushed 5 Swallow Wood Foxes before finally obtaining this magic core..." Noticing Xiao Yan"s luxurious outfit the mercenary rapidly advertised his wares.
"If this object is to young master"s liking I think 500 gold coins would be a good price. Haha while obtaining this core we had several brothers who got injured quite heavily..."
Xiao Yan slowly wiped the remaining blood off of the magic core noticing they haven"t completely clotted yet. He nodded slightly and glanced towards the two golden stars on the chest of the mercenary and commented: "Too expensive! Normally a level one magic core"s price would only be from 400 to 450 gold coins furthermore even if the Swallow Wood Fox is a magic beast its attack power isn"t too high. Are your underlings not Dou Zhes?"
The corner of his mouth slightly jerking the mercenary laughed dryly. He did not expect the youth standing in front of him to be so knowledgeable about the magic core market and replied: "470 gold coins then no more no less we have to live by this..."
"Hahh..." Sighing under the Mercenary"s anxious eyes Xiao Yan bent down and randomly grabbed many things from the stall conveniently including the mysterious metal piece in the mess. Then he said: "470 gold coins for all of these..."
Looking at the goods on Xiao Yan"s hands the mercenary let out a relieved sigh since none of the items in Xiao Yan"s hands were expensive...
"Alright!"
Cheerfully producing some gold coins Xiao Yan did not waste another moment and left immediately...
"Hah! Brat to be so cautious in a mundane task of buying things!" The elder"s taunting voice sounded in Xiao Yan"s head as he turned to leave the shop.
"Those bastards are all swindlers they"ll immediately increase the price if you show interest in their wares. I don"t want to lose money for something stupid like that..." After answering Xiao Yan stopped paying attention to the Elder inside his ring and leisurely exited the market and returned to the clan with Xun Er.
After parting with Xun Er Xiao Yan impatiently ran back to his room and carefully locked the door...
Turning his head and seeing the Elder who left the ring since god-knows-when Xiao Yan brought out the recently purchased herbs and magic core. He hastily asked: "All the required ingredients are here what do we have to do?"
The Elder cheerfully laughed and his gaze scanned the ingredients on the table before suddenly asking: "Don"t you want to know what that black metal piece is?"
"Eh?" Xiao Yan paused before realizing that the elder was referring to his "accidental" purchase. He quickly took out the Black Metal Piece and examined it from top to bottom. But after examining it his brows furrowed and asked: "This what does it do?"
Yao Lao took the Black Metal Piece and laughed: "There seems to be a Dou Technique inside here. And the creator of this metal piece was probably also an alchemist because only people that have a strong soul perception can feel the power within this metal piece."
"Dou Technique?" Xiao Yan"s eyes brightened and he hurriedly asked: "What level is it?"
In the Dou Qi Mainland the importance of Dou Techniques isn"t lower than Qi Methods. A strong Dou Technique would allow one to perform at a level far beyond what they are capable of. For example a Dou Zhe being able to fight a Dou Shi even though his Dou Qi is at a disadvantage.
Dou Techniques and Qi Methods are both split into four levels of decreasing power Tian Di Xuan and Huang. Normally the Dou Techniques that are easily accessible are at most High Huang level and for higher Dou Techniques one would have to go to a large clan or faction.
Of course Dou Qi Mainland is huge and there are some special circumstances in which the top Dou Techniques are lost and found by some lucky individual. The black metal piece that Xiao Yan has right now was probably the lost work of some ancient person...
Yao Lao turned the metal plate around and smiled: "Vacuum Hand : Low Xuan level!"
"Low Xuan level?" Xiao Yan"s face was filled with happiness; he didn"t expect that the "trash" he purchased would have a Xuan level Dou Technique. In his own clan the Xiao Clan the highest Dou Technique was only a Middle Xuan level and only the clan leader and some elders could learn it."
"Vacuum Hand: If trained to max it can suck up boulders that are thousands of pound. Against enemies it can forcibly suck the blood out of their body."
"Forcibly suck blood from a body?" His face full of surprise Xiao Yan swallowed dryly and exclaimed: "This... This is awesome! Once the blood leaves the body they would die right?"
"Don"t be happy yet. This only works if your level is higher than your opponent. If you meet someone stronger than you they can use the chance to get close to you and the unlucky would be you..." Yao Lao carelessly threw the metal plate to the side looks like he doesn"t think too highly of the Dou Technique.
Yao Lao was of high status and naturally had high standards but for Xiao Yan this was a high level Dou Technique! He immediately happily picked it up and laughed: "Even with that it"s better than the Dou Techniques in the clan. I"ll learn this from now on..."
"Hah with your 3rd Duan Qi it would be amazing if you could pull up a tree branch with your Vacuum Hand and you want to suck the blood out of someone...." Shaking his head Yao Lao heavily criticized Xiao Yan.
Rolling his eyes Xiao Yan ignored Yao Lao and smiled while hugging the metal piece.
"Look at yourself having a Low Xuan Dou Technique makes you this happy. You"re embarrassing me ..." Helplessly shaking his head Yao Lao grabbed the monster core on the table and ordered Xiao Yan: "Go get a huge bowl of water."
Seeing that Yao Lao was about to start refining the pill Xiao Yan hurriedly put away the Black Metal Piece and cheerfully went to prepare...
......
In the calm room Yao Lao picked up the Purple Bluegrass with his left hand. Moments later he lets out a deep breath and a white flame appears in his hand...
When the flame appeared the temperature within the room rose exponentially.
Without blinking Xiao Yan stared at the white ball of flame. Although he didn"t know the process of refining pills by Alchemists to materialize Dou Qi was an impossible task for even his father...
With a calm face the white fire in Yao Lao"s hands expanded and swallowed the Purple Bluegrass.... Within the flame the Purple Bluegrass instantly became a green liquid ball...
Yao Lao"s right hand picked up another stalk of Purple Bluegrass and threw it into the white fire...
After throwing all three stalks of Purple Bluegrass into the fire the ball of green liquid became visibly bigger.
The green liquid slowly shriveled within the fire; the high temperature relentlessly burned the impurities within the green liquid...
With the flame the green liquid became smaller and smaller in volume. After a few seconds it was only about the size of a thumb...
Afterwards Yao Lao threw the two stalks of Bone Washing Flowers into the flame and after they finished burning the remaining liquid mixed with the original green liquid...
After that was the refinement of the monster core.
The third step took a whole hour but Yao Lao still seemed full of energy and without any signs of fatigue.
After an entire hour the tough monster core had become a ball of green liquid. The violent energy within the monster core was softened by Yao Lao"s magical formula...
On his hand the white flame slowly disappeared.
Looking at the green ball floating on top of Yao Lao"s hand Xiao Yao rubbed his hands together. With his superior Soul Perception he could clearly feel the bountiful energy within the energy ball...
"Teacher do I just eat it?" Xiao Yan blinked his eyes and asked impatiently.
"If you want to die then eat it. With your Qi paths you would become a true cripple within seconds." Giving Xiao Yan a white eye Yao Lao flicks the ball and it accurately flew into the bowl of water. Immediately the bowl of clear water turned to a dark green shade.
"From now on you should train in there. With your talent and barring any unforeseen circumstances you should be able to get to 7 Duan Qi within a year." Yao Lao claps the dust off of his hands and lightly smiles towards Xiao Yan.
With obvious happiness Xiao Yan hurriedly nodded his head.
"Oh I almost forgot. This medicine will only last for two months. Which means you need to go buy the materials that you got today again every two months." Yao Lao revealed a sly smile.
Xiao Yan happiness disappeared from his face and he nodded his head with reluctance.
"Dammit only rich people can afford to use this stuff..."


Chapter 15:Training
The warm sun filtered through the window and lazily sprayed into the tidy room.
Within the room a young man with a bare upper body was sitting crossed within a wooden bowl. His two hands were knit together into a strange symbol. His two eyes were shut tightly while his breath was calm but powerful.
In the wooden bowl beneath him a mysterious green liquid was strangely sparkling.
As he trained longer the green liquid within the bowl began to slowly evaporate giving off a light green stream of air. stream slowly lifted upwards and squirmed into the young man"s nose with his breathing.
Once the stream was inside his body the young man"s face became shiny and smooth like White Jade.
As if he felt the ever increasing Dou Qi within his body the young man"s face revealed a light smile.
After confirming his success the young man didn"t stop there. He still had his eyes shut tight and kept his hands in the same position. He didn"t even budge and maintained his maximally efficient position as he greedily sucked up the energy within the green liquid.
The green liquid sticking to the young man"s body was slowly absorbed by his skin strengthening his bones and cleaning his Qi paths...
Under the young man"s restless absorbance more and more green streams came up from the bowl and slowly they became so dense that they covered the young man"s naked body in a layer of mist.
Under the restless training the bright sunshine that came in through the window slowly became weaker and the room became a lot cooler.
.....
In the wooden bowl the young man gathered in the final wisps of green air and his eyelashes twitched before opening to reveal two pitch-black eyes.
Within the pitch black eyes a white glow passed through but this time it had a hint of green.
Slowly letting out a breath the young man quickly stood up and let the cool water droplets flow off of his body. Taking a lazy stretch and feeling the abundant Dou Qi within his body the young man muttered: "At this pace I can probably get to the fifth Duan Qi in two months..."
After preparing everything Xiao Yan stayed in his room for an entire half month. In the time he stayed in his room besides eating and attending bodily functions he had been training his Qi non-stop.
Even though training was extremely boring and tiring it was nothing compared to the taunts and ridicules that Xiao Yan had endured for the past three years.
The three full years of taunts had taught him how important strength was in this world....
Even though the days passed tiresomely the results of them were pleasing.
The effects of Yao Lao"s bowl of elixir was much stronger than what Xiao Yan and even the creator of it Yao Lao had thought it would have. Yao Lao had predicted that it would take at least a month for Xiao Yan to get to 4 Duan Qi but Xiao Yan only took half that time....
At this even Yao Lao was surprised at the speed and efficiency in which Xiao Yan trained. Even though Xiao Yan had done this before the speed at which he was going right now isn"t a bit too incredible?
The most important and toughest part about training Dou Qi is in the basics. The 10 Duan Qi would take people 10 to even 20 years... Of course once a person becomes a Dou Zhe then their training speed would increase exponentially. If one can only raise one Duan Qi in a year before becoming a Dou Zhe then that same person could probably go up a couple of stars in a year once after becoming a Dou Zhe....
When the training speed was slanted towards later times Xiao Yan"s performance in half a month was surprising to say the least.
....
Walking out of the bowl without hesitation Xiao Yan looked back at the lighter green liquid in the bowl. The lighter color was definitely due to his training and he helplessly shook his head while whispering: "Can this sustain for another month and a half?"
Wiping off the remaining water droplets Xiao Yan randomly put on a fresh suit of clothing and crawled onto his soft bed. After doing so he reached behind his pillow to take out the pitch black metal piece.
The rust on the steel piece had already been wiped off by Xiao Yan to reveal a smooth and glowing surface. It was quite mysterious.
For the past half month Xiao Yan had been intently studying this metal piece that contained a Low Xuan level Dou technique whenever he took a break from training.
In the half month under the instructions of Yao Lao Xiao Yan finally had a bit of understanding of the techniques involved. But because of the lack of Dou Qi he couldn"t use it for anything useful which made Xiao Yan a little disappointed.
......
Placing the metal piece between his two palms Xiao Yan closed his eyes and used his soul perception to observe the black metal plate.
With the calming of Xiao Yao"s breath the room was once again peaceful.
Another long silence passed before Xiao Yan opened his eyes again and raised his right hand. His right hand was curved into a claw and his light Dou Qi under Xiao Yan"s insistence quickly went through the few Qi and pressure points on his palm to become a pulling force.
"Peng..."
The ceramic vase that Xiao Yan pointed to made a few circles before falling down the tables. And with a clear crash it shattered into countless pieces.
"Hah even though the Dou Technique is at the Xuan level my Dou Qi is too low and I can barely use the technique." Seeing the destruction that he had caused Xiao Yan whispered to himself: "Looking at the power it has right now if I want to have enough force to vacuum a person towards me then I need to be at 7 Duan Qi."
"Whatever let"s go to our clan hall to find some lower level Dou Techniques. This vacuum hand it won"t be of much use for some time. But since I can train my Dou Qi again I don"t need to use my foolish method of training that I used before..." Sighing again Xiao Yan climbed off of his bed and glanced at the motionless black ring before leaving the house.
Wincing his eyes and adjusting to the blazing sun Xiao Yan carefully closed his door before lazily walking onto the stone path towards the clan"s back rooms.
To the sides of the stone path were emerald green willows. The bountiful green felt soothing and sharply contrasted with the scorching heat.
Turning onto a different path a young girl"s laughter greeted him.
Because of the disturbed calm Xiao Yan furrowed his brows and following the source of the laughter he saw a couple of young girls coming towards him from another path.
Crowded by other girls a pretty girl was laughing. The charming face that she had completely overshadowed the other girls beside her.
She was the girl that was second to Xun Er in the Dou Qi testing Xiao Mei.
Glancing at the girl that had once stuck to his side calling countless biao-ges a flash of unrestrained mocking went across Xiao Yan"s face. Lightly shaking his head Xiao Yao retrieved his sight.
TL: Biao Ge is brother not in one"s direct family. This is a formal saying compared to ge-ge which is more of an familiar saying.
When Xiao Mei reached the road Xiao Yan was on Xiao Mei"s charming laughter died out as she had seen Xiao Yan...
The sun scattered its light and made the impassive young man with his hands behind his head indescribably attractive.
A pair of pretty large eyes stared at the young man coming closer and trying to distinguish whether there was a light smile or ridicule hanging on the edges of his mouth Xiao Mei mentally gravitated towards Xiao Yan. Suddenly she felt as if she had lost something...
Three years ago that young man on the edge of his mouth had that intoxicating curve.


Chapter 16:Xiao Ning
Seeing the young man slowly coming over Xiao Mei and her group slowed to a halt. Their previous laughter had also died out.
The young girls by Xiao Mei"s side widened their eyes while looking at the young man that was once the clan"s pride. The expressions on their faces were varied from sympathy to something else.
Xiao Mei stopped in place. In her mind she still felt attached and wanted to chat with the young man that had once captured her heart. But reality told her that the difference between the two of them was too large for them to be together and wasting time on a cripple isn"t exactly smart.
Her brows furrowed before relaxing in Xiao Mei"s mind she thought: Let"s say hi no matter what he"s still my Biao-Ge.
Ignorant to Xiao Mei"s thoughts Xiao Yan still had his hands behind his head and was lazily walking over.
Watching the ever closer Xiao Yan a smile appeared on Xiao Mei"s face but the actions of the young man froze the smile on her small face making it seem as if she was making a weird face.
With both hands behind his head Xiao Yan ignored the group and looked straight as he walked past the young girls without any hesitation.
Opening her red small mouth at the young man"s shadow Xiao Mei was shocked. With her beauty when had she ever had such a horrible treatment? She felt an embarrassed anger and couldn"t help but yell: "Xiao Yan Biao-Ge."
Stopping Xiao Yan didn"t turn around and his bland tone was emotionless as if he was talking to a stranger: "What?"
The emotionless and bland voice stunned Xiao Mei and she whispered: "Nothing..."
Xiao Yan"s brows jumped but he shook his head and started walking forward again.
Watching the disappearing shadow Xiao Mei angrily stomped her feet and went onto a different path.
Rounding a turn Xiao Yan looked up to a spacious room. On the plaque of the room were three flamboyant and blood red words: Dou Technique Hall!
Hearing the yells within the Dou Technique Hall Xiao Yan was quite surprised. Normally no one came to the hall so why was it so noisy today?
Shrugging his shoulders Xiao Yan stepped forward and entered the Dou Technique Hall.
Once Xiao Yan went inside the hall quite a few cheers from other clan members greeted him.
The Dou Technique Hall was split into an east and west section. In the east section were the clan"s Dou Techniques while the west section was a large training field. Right now there were quite a few people gathered around the training field and watching two people at the middle of the field."
"Looking at the density of Xiao Ning ge"s Dou Qi is he at 8 Duan Qi?"
"Hehe just two months ago Xiao Ning biao-ge got to 8 Duan Dou Qi."
"But even though he has 8 Duan Dou Qi Xun Er biao-mei has 9 Duan Dou Qi. Xiao Ning biao-ge doesn"t have a high chance of winning."
"Good luck Xun Er biao-mei!"
Hearing the voices from the crowd Xiao Yan paused his footsteps and glanced around at the training field. Finally his interested gaze landed on the young girl wearing a light purple dress.
How does she have the time to fight with others? Xiao Yan thought in his mind before going to the east side of the hall and taking a random black scroll from a shelf. Opening up the scroll large yellow words appeared.
Middle Yellow: Shattering Rock Hand!
Lazily leaning on the bookshelf Xiao Yan read the training methods to the Shattering Rock Hand while occasionally glancing at the ferocious battle in the Training Field.
The spacious hall seemed to be separated into two worlds. The west side was noisy while the east side was peaceful and calm.
Xun er"s opponent was a young man at about the age of 17-18. He was quite handsome and similar to Jia Lei Ao who Xiao Yan had seen the other day.
The young man was called Xiao Ning and was the top elder "s grandson. Even though he was only 17 he had already had gotten to 8 Duan Qi and in the entire clan only Xun Er was better than him.
Xiao Yan had a neutral impression of this biao-ge. They only occasionally met and always said customary greetings before hurrying off. Maybe it was because of the unfriendly atmosphere between his father and the top elder but Xiao Yan was always able to feel animosity emanating from him. But while Xiao Yan was "crippled" he had never went out of his way to taunt or tease Xiao Yan...
Lightly smiling Xiao Yan discarded his thoughts and went back to studying the Shattering Rock Hand.
On the training field Xun Er was like a light purple butterfly that avoided the swift attacks by Xiao Ning gracefully and elegantly. However on her delicate face no emotions such as weariness or the like surfaced.
After blocking another one of Xiao Ning"s attacks Xun Er"s gaze lazily swept across the hall but suddenly her movements stopped.
Seeing the absorbed young man in the east side of the hall a light and elegant smiled floated onto Xun Er"s face.
The girl"s sudden smile made the spectators stunned at the beauty of Xun Er.
"Xun Er Biao Mei watch out!" Right when Xun Er was distracted a young voice called out from within the crowd.
Feeling the violent pressure coming from behind her Xun Er furrowed her brows but her gaze stayed on the young man below the bookshelf.
At the same time Xiao Yan had lifted his head and seeing the sneak attack directed at Xun Er he furrowed his brows and shook his head. His look revealed a restrained worry.
Seeing the worried look on Xiao Yan"s face Xun Er mischievously blinked her beautiful eyes. Suddenly she took a small step toward the left. Even though it was just a step it strangely helped her dodge all of Xiao Ning"s attacks...
While she was dodging her clear white hand sparkled gold and went straight between Xiao Ning"s hands and lightly landed on his chest.
Turning around in a circle Xun Er gracefully counteracted the force while Xiao Ning had to step back a dozen steps and out of the training field.
To be able to defeat Xiao Ning with one attack the spectators all gave thunderous applause to Xiao Xun.
"Hehe Xun Er Biao Mei is really at the top in the younger generation of the clan. You"re really strong." Even though Xiao Ning had just been defeated by Xun Er he had a smile as he walked back to the middle of the training field.
Calmly looking at the girl in front of him the fervent love in Xiao Ning"s eyes wasn"t hidden at all.
Even though they were technically Biao Ge/Mei Xiao Ning knew that in the entire clan many of the members didn"t have close blood relations and for Xiao Xun Er he knew that she wasn"t related by blood to him.
As if she didn"t feel the fervent gaze of Xiao Ning Xun Er respectfully shook her head and said: "Xiao Ning Biao Ge let me win." After saying that she didn"t wait for a response from Xiao Ning and went straight to the eastern part of the hall with a big smile.
Being the center of attention Xun Er"s movements were detected by everyone and following the intended path of Xun Er they found Xiao Yan.
Even though Xiao Yan was now the center of attention to the previous spectators Xiao Yan didn"t look up and was absorbed in his own world.


Chapter 17:Conflict
"Xiao Yan ge-ge."
The young girl shyly stood in front of Xiao Yan while her delicate white hands fluttered behind her. She slightly leaned forward and her beautiful eyes twinkled into crescent moons. On her beautiful face were two light dimples.
Shifting his gaze from the scroll in front of him Xiao Yan peered at the young girl in front of him and then turned his gaze to include the entire hall. Seeing the fervent stares aimed at him he couldn"t help but say: "Girl I know your charm is quite large but you don"t need for me to share it do you?"
TL: The "girl" used by Xiao Yan isn"t a mean nickname but a common and familiar saying to younger (female) family members.
"Hehe." Smiling Xun Er sat next to Xiao Yan and lazily stretched backwards causing her charming curves to be revealed by her tight outfit. Randomly taking a scroll from the bookshelf Xun Er stared at Xiao Yan before asking "Xiao Yan ge-ge got to 4th Duan Qi?"
Hearing that Xiao Wan who was absorbed by his scroll looked up. For the first 10 Duan Qi the Dou Qi stays weak and almost undetectable. Unless one actively used Dou Qi or an examination monument was used it is impossible to find out what Duan Qi someone has. But just a moment ago Xun Er only looked at Xiao Yao for a couple of seconds and determined what Duan Qi he was at. Very surprising...
This girl who is she? The Dou Techniques that she had just used in her fight with Xiao Ning was definitely a high leveled Dou Technique and definitely not one owned by Xiao Clan... Thinking about the few inconsistencies with Xun Er Xian Yan tilted his head to look at the smiling Xun Er beside him. Shrugging his shoulders he nodded: "4th Duan."
Seeing Xiao Yan nod the smile on Xun Er"s face widened and she said: "It"s related to your training for the past half month right?"
"Yeah." Slightly nodding Xiao Yan didn"t deny it and returned his gaze to the scroll while asking: "How do you have the time to come out and compete with someone?"
"I"m bored!" Imitating Xiao Yan"s shrugs Xun Er smiled while showing a sorrowful face: "After last time Xiao Yan ge-ge hasn"t come to see Xun Er. Are you afraid that Xun Er will force you to return the money?"
Xiao Yan paused and awkwardly laughed: "The Coming of Age Ritual is next year so do you think I have time to not train?" Raising his head and seeing the sad face on Xun Er he lightly patted Xun Er"s head and whispered: "I"ll try to find time to be with Xun Er from now on."
Hearing Xiao Yan"s promise Xun Er"s small face relaxed. But her talk with Xiao Yan had made every single person in the hall red-eyed at Xiao Yan.
Looking at the two of them below the bookshelf Xiao Ning"s face was extremely ugly and his hand curled into fists before relaxing and then curled them back up again...
Being the grandson of the top elder of the clan Xiao Ning had always felt that he was special. Towards Xun Er Xiao Ning had already in his own mind set her as his wife. Of course it was one-sided...
But seeing his "wife" was flirting was someone else made Xiao Ning extremely envious more importantly the person whom Xun Er was flirting with was the "cripple" of the clan.
As rage surged in his eyes Xiao Ning let out a huge breath and put on a calm and welcoming smile. Adjusting his messy clothes he walked towards the two under the eyes of everyone in the hall.
In the hall the spectators happily smirked when they saw Xiao Ning walking towards Xun Er and Xiao Yan. Of course their smirks were not directed at Xiao Ning but rather at the seemingly ignorant Xiao Yan.
Gazing over the Qi Paths depicted on the scroll Xiao Yan memorized the pressure points and Qi paths necessary for Shattering Rock Hand.
Letting out a breath Xiao Yan"s originally relaxed brows furrowed. With his strong Soul Perception Xiao Yan was able to observe the actions of everyone within the hall including Xiao Ning who was walking towards him.
This girl brings so much trouble! Sighing Xiao Yan rolled up the scroll in his hand.
"Hehe Xiao Yan Biao-Di are you here to learn Dou Techniques? Do you need Biao-Ge me to help you find a couple of high levelled ones? For some of the techniques I don"t think that you have the right to access them." Smiling in front of Xiao Yan Xiao Ning spoke arrogantly.
TL: Biao Di is the young version of Biao Ge which is older brother not in one"s immediate family
Xiao Yan placed the scroll back onto the bookshelf and shook his head: "Thanks for the offer but I don"t think I need them right now."
"Oh hehe I forgot... Xiao Yan Biao-Di only has 3 Duan Qi so it would be pretty hard to learn high level techniques." Lightly massaging his forehead Xiao Ning smiled. The ridicule in his tone was also displayed on his face.
Xiao Yan sighed again: Xiao Ning was ridiculing him on purpose...
A slight curve appeared on Xiao Yan"s face while he said: "I know you"re trying to get Xun Er"s attention but I have to say you are quite childish..."
Hearing the ruthless words of Xiao Yan Xiao Ning"s face darkened. He had never thought that the normally silent Xiao Yan would have the courage to stand up against him. He sneered and said: "Looks like Xiao Yan Biao-Di has an opinion about me. How about we test out our skills? It"ll help me see how much Biao-Di has improved in the past few years."
"Shall I test my skills against you?" Placing down her scroll Xun Er looked up coldly.
Xiao Ning"s eyelid jumped when he saw Xun Er speaking up for Xiao Yan. With his envy burning even higher Xiao Ning taunted: "Do you only know to hide behind women?"
"Why didn"t you dare to say such things three years ago?"
Xiao Yan tiptoed to reach for another scroll blowed off the dust on it and emotionlessly replied to Xian Ning.
To be honest Xiao Yan"s emotionless and relaxed appearance in the eyes of people who aren"t too friendly with him made them feel as if there was something stuck on their chest.
Xiao Ning grinded his teeth together making ji ji sounds but even though he was enraged he didn"t dare hurt Xiao Yan since no matter how horrible Xiao Yan"s talent was he was still the son of the clan leader.
Taking a deep breath Xiao Ning stared at Xiao Yan and coldly said: "Xiao Yan you"re no longer the genius you were three years ago. The you right now a cripple! You don"t deserve Xun Er if you are a man then you would leave right now. Or else hehe even though I can"t fight you right now next year when you perform the Coming of Age Ritual you have to accept the challenge by a clansmen. If you don"t want to become a real cripple then I would suggest for you to get out of here right now and go hide in some poor remote place where you"d live out the rest of your life!"
Hearing the threats Xiao Ning made the edges of Xiao Yan"s mouth curved upwards and he tilted his head to inspect Xiao Ning with a strange gaze. Afterwards he rolled his eyes picked up the scroll and walked outwards.
Seeing Xiao Yan"s movements Xiao Ning believed that Xiao Yan had grudgingly agreed to his words but before he could celebrate his "victory" a sentence came from Xiao Yan"s mouth and made Xiao Ning"s face green.
"Alright next year... try to beat me into a cripple."


Chapter 18:Xuan High Level Dou Technique: Octane Blast
Ignoring the cold gazes behind him Xiao Yan hugged the scroll and checked it out with the manager of the Dou Technique Hall. Then he along with Xun Er lazily walked out of the hall while chatting.
"Brat just wait. When you get kicked out of the clan I"ll have all the time in the world for revenge! Without the clan leader"s protection you are nothing!" Watching the disappearing Xiao Yan Xiao Ning felt a fury burn in his chest. As if to show his dedication he smacked the bookshelf next to him leaving a light handprint.
After leaving the Dou Technique Hall Xiao Yan first accompanied Xun Er to nearby mountains for an entire afternoon before going back to his room when the sky turned dark.
After getting back to his room and closing the door Xiao Yan"s shoulders sagged down. After placing his scroll on a nearby table and drinking a cup of tea he fearfully said: "This girl she sure can walk."
"That girl"s history isn"t normal either." An old voice resounded through the room.
Tiredly raising his head and seeing the ghost-like Yao Lao Xiao Yan curled his lips and asked: "Does teacher know her history?"
"Hehe I think I know a bit..." Yao Lao smiled but when he saw Xiao Yan"s curious glance he said: "Don"t ask. It"s useless to you right now. So it"s better if you don"t waste your effort on it. What I can say is that her background is pretty powerful."
Rolling his eyes Xiao Yan gave Yao Lao a middle finger.
.....
"Why did you go get this trash? Do you think that you have a lot of time?" Yao Lao came to the table and flipped through the scroll only to be appalled by it.
"Trash?" Xiao Yan cried out: "Besides Vacuum Hand I don"t know any other Dou Techniques. Before I only knew to train restlessly and didn"t know any Dou Techniques and only the Huang Level Dou Techniques can be learned by anyone in the clan. If I don"t learn these what would I use to defeat others in the Coming of Age Ritual?"
"Ohh so you want to swindle a Dou Technique from me..." The shrewd Yao Lao understood Xiao Yan"s intent immediately.
Even though Xiao Yan had his plan exposed he didn"t pretend as if that wasn"t his plan and instead looked at Yao Lao with puppy eyes.
"What"s so great about Dou Techniques? Once you learn Alchemy people will be fighting to gift you high level Dou Techniques!" Yao Lao lightly smiled and ignored the ever darkening face of Xiao Yan.
"But I need high level Dou Techniques Right Now!" Xiao Yan said depressedly.
Seeing the sad Xiao Yan Yao Lao laughed cheerfully: "Whatever after all you are my student although somewhat pitiful. So that you don"t become a cripple I"ll teach you something!"
Hearing that Xiao Yan perked up; he was very curious as to what kind of Dou Technique his mysterious teacher would give him.
"Even though your vacuum hand is Xuan level its somewhat weak for a technique at that level. Since your Dou Qi isn"t too strong right now I"ll teach you a Dou Technique that"s at the Xuan level but only needs for you to be at 5 Duan Qi to be useful."
"What tier in the Xuan level?" Hearing that the technique was another Xuan level Dou Techniques the eyes of Xiao Yan lit up and he asked while licking his lips.
"I think it was Xuan High level. I remember that the owner of this Dou Technique begged me to accept it. Even though I didn"t have much interest in such things he was really persistent so I accepted and made a pill for him." Yao Lao carelessly said. His casual mentionings made the Xuan level Dou Technique seem like trash!
"Xuan High level? Begging to give you it?" A few black lines appeared on the forehead of Xiao Yan. The technique that was a whole tier higher than the top Dou Technique in the entire Xiao Clan was worthless in the eyes of Yao Lao! Xiao Yan didn"t know whether to laugh or cry at the huge difference.
"Close your eyes and focus I"ll teach it to you." After ordering Xiao Yan Yao Lao stretched out his finger and lightly tapped Xiao Yan"s forehead.
With a slight headache Xiao Yan felt a huge amount of information flood into his brain.
"Octane Blast: Xuan High Level Dou Technique close-combat Dou Technique. Focus" on attacks and when mastered attacks have eight different forces that stack up and the power is equal to a Di Low level Dou Technique!
Slowly regaining his senses and quickly skimming over the new information Xiao Yan let out a breath the attack is equal to a Di Low level Dou Technique?
In the Dou Qi Mainland whether its a Dou Technique or a Qi Method the difference between a Xuan level technique and a Di level technique was enormous. The Di level technique would be on a completely different level and yet this Octane Blast claims that it can rival a Di level technique with its attack!
Swallowing dryly Xiao Yan"s eyes became blank. If I really learn this Dou Technique then I can probably beat up Xiao Ning with my 4 Duan Qi...
"Don"t be too greedy. Even though Octane Blast doesn"t have high requirements of one"s Dou Qi it has a huge toll on the body. This technique is a close combat Dou Technique and with your weak arms and legs if you really try to use it you"ll probably end up with broken limbs before you even touch your opponent." Yao Lao"s voice was like a bowl of cold water and washed away Xiao Yan"s excitement.
"How would I increase the strength of my body?" After pausing Xiao Yan hurriedly asked.
"Raising Dou Qi is the best way to increase the strength of one"s body. With higher Dou Qi the body will become stronger. Of course if you want to go faster than you would need some external stimulus." Yao Lao"s eyes twinkled with mischief.
"What external stimulus?" Watching the smiling Yao Lao Xiao Yan suddenly felt a great danger.
"Get beat up! The more you get beat up the better!" Yao Lao had a cold laugh while Xiao Yao had a stiff face...


Chapter 19:Cruel Training
In the morning a pale mist had shrouded the surrounding summit and lingered for a very long time. A gentle wind blew by and suddenly a physical grunt could be heard.
Behind the summit in a hidden groove both of Xiao Yan"s feet were inserted into the soil like tree stumps. His toes clung to the ground while he gnashed his teeth together and had cold sweat pour over his forehead. He only wore short pants and on his naked upper body were crisscrossed scars.
Behind Xiao Yan was Yao Lao in spirit mode cross-legged above a giant stone. His face was solemn as he gazed at Xiao Yan clenching his teeth to fight off the pain and then his palm softly swung upwards.
Following Yao Lao"s palm a red materialized Dou Qi shot out from Yao Lao"s palm. Just like a whip it harshly smashed against Xiao Yan"s shoulder leaving behind a long bruise.
As the corners of his mouth violently trembled Xiao Yan inhaled cold air through the slivers between his teeth in response to the pain. Xiao Yan"s shoulder numbed and a wave of scorching pain made its way to his heart. Under the brutal pain Xiao Yan felt his feet soften and almost fell off balance...
Under the violent pain the original weak Dou Qi within Xiao Yan became more animated than before and quickly flowed through the Qi paths and pressure points on Xiao Yan"s shoulder. Strands of cool slowly seeped into into his bones and quietly strengthened in the progress.
"Again!" When the pain on his shoulder gradually faded away Xiao Yan young face was filled with persistence and stubborness and yelled while clenching his teeth.
Looking at persevering Xiao Yan a gratified smile appeared on Yao Lao"s withered face. Slightly nodded a red materialized Dou Qi shot out from his palm again.
"Bang Bang Bang..." Within the small forest as strike after strike hit Xiao Yan low grunts along with naked hits sounded...
Every one of Yao Lao"s attacks were at the exact point of maximum endurance for Xiao Yan"s body. The attacks wouldn"t harm Xiao Yan seriously but still brought Xiao Yan the maximum pain possible.
The pain from the Dou Qi lashes caused an unbearable pain forcing Xiao Yan young face to contort in agony.
On his body with Yao Lao"s swings more and more crisscrossed scars appeared...
"Bang!" another materialized Dou Qi shot out and the wood stake like Xiao Yan finally reached his limit. With weakened legs he fell down paralyzed.
Fiercely gasped for air Xiao Yan wiped away the cold sweat on his forehead and lifting his head up to make a rough smile he asked: "Teacher how was it?"
"Not bad you took eighty four Dou Qi lashes today. That"s a lot better than when you started out half a month ago and only able to take nine lashes..." Yao Lao had a smile on his face and nodded. A glint of surprise flirted across his eyes in the past half-month the tenacity that Xiao Yan displayed was far beyond what was originally expected. For example today Yao Lao had originally thought that seventy Dou Qi lashes was Xiao Yan"s limit but the later had persevered to eighty-four lashes. Yao Lao could not help but admire the spirit of Xiao Yan.
After listening to Yao Lao words Xiao Yan let out a deep breath and slumped on the ground. When he regained feeling he slowly crawled back up and put back on the clothing he had taken off and placed on a nearby rock.
When wearing the clothes whenever the cool fabric touched against the bruises Xiao Yan winced and gritted his teeth.
The transparent Yao Lao turned into a ray of light and disappeared within the black ring. Before disappearing he left behind a phrase that he had said countless times: "Quickly go back and submerge yourself within the Foundation Elixir to make sure that the congested blood doesn"t leave behind hidden wounds!"
Nodding Xiao Yan finished putting on his clothes and left the forest.
....
Once Xiao Yan finally made it back to his room while enduring the pain he quickly took off his clothes once again and jumped into his wooden bowl of green liquid...
TL: Bath Bowl - http://www.inspirationgreen.com/wooden-bathtub.html
The ice cold green liquid alleviated the pains from the bruised skin and Xiao Yan slowly closed his eyes enjoying the soothing liquid flow over his skin.
After a while Xiao Yan"s rushed breathing slowly calmed and even incorporated a couple of snores! After a painful beating Xiao Yan couldn"t take the fatigue on both his body and mental state and fell asleep...
While Xiao Yan was asleep the green liquid rippled slightly and slivers of peaceful energy quietly slipped into Xiao Yan"s open pores. They washed away the lashes of congested blood and at the same time they revitalized and strengthened the muscles that were already at their utmost limit...
While sleeping Xiao Yan"s body had been strengthened to a whole new level!
While strengthening and repairing Xiao Yan"s muscles the green liquid slowly became lighter and lighter. Obviously the energy in the liquid was decreasing.
.....
Unaware of how long he had fallen asleep Xiao Yan only knew that the warm sunlight had already brightened his room when he woke up.
Stretching out his body his bones suddenly made rattling noises. When he lifted his head he realized that his entire body was full of energy and power. Xiao Yan couldn"t help but yell out: "Great!"
As Xiao Yan stepped out from the wooden bowl he unexpectedly discovered that the bowl of Foundation Elixir had already turned into transparent water from its originally green state.
"My elixir had already been used up?" Scratching his nose Xiao Yan helplessly shook his head. Suddenly recalling something he happily closed his eye and carefully sensed his Dou Qi state.
A moment later Xiao Yan opened his eye and happily laughed: "Finally I"m at fifth Duan Qi!"


Chapter 20:Auction
To get to 4 Duan Qi in half a month and then 5 Duan Qi in another month and a half. This incredible speed was impossible even for the old Xiao Yan.
Even though at higher levels raising one"s Duan Qi becomes harder and harder looking at the speed in which Xiao Yan is rising it shouldn"t be a problem for him to get to 7 Duan Qi by next year.
Of course this is under the assumption that Xiao Yan has enough Foundation Elixir. Or else Xiao Yan would definitely die under the severe beatings that he endures every day before getting to 7 Duan Qi. After all without the Foundation Elixir Xiao Yan"s weak body wouldn"t ever be able to withstand the harmful effects of having congested blood and he would die.
Therefore what Xiao Yan needs to do right now is to buy more material for Foundation Elixir. Even though it sounds very easy Xiao Yan has a slight problem.... He"s broke.
Sitting on his bed Xiao Yan has a bitter laugh. He had never thought that he would be in such an awkward situation because of money. While calculating... from last time I still have 900 Gold Coins but with only so much money buying the same grade material as last time is not going to happen.
Supporting his chin Xiao Yan"s eyes rolled quickly. Suddenly he asked: "Teacher for Purple Bluegrass of Bone Washing Flower can we use younger stalks?"
"Sure but then the effects would be much weaker and the Foundation Elixirs that I"ve been refining are tailored for you."
Blinking his eyes Xiao Yan smiled: "No problem let"s use the worst grade material this time."
"The worst grade? Then the effects would be horrible and you"d need at least half a year to get to the next Duan Qi." Yao Lao"s voice showed his displeasure he was probably furrowing his brows right now.
"Don"t have enough money? Go borrow from that girl again. With her background even a couple ten thousand Gold Coins would be a small matter. Taking a step back you can borrow from your dad why must you lower the effectiveness of the Elixir and slow down your training speed..."
Hearing Yao Lao"s suggestion Xiao Yan shook his head: "Just think of it as my self-respect stopping me from doing so. How can I keep on borrowing money from a girl? As for my dad I"ve been avoiding him for two months now and if he wants to know why I want the money then wouldn"t I have to expose you?"
"Wait teacher this Foundation Elixir can other people refine or make it?" Suddenly thinking of something Xiao Yan"s brows jumped and he hurriedly asked.
"Hehe brat in the Dou Qi Mainland there are countless herbs and within these herbs you must find a combination that both calms the violent energy within Monster Cores and refine it so that one can absorb it. If you just randomly put herbs together than the Alchemy Furnace breaking would be the least of your troubles the energy might backfire hehe.... This Foundation Elixir was created after experimenting for a couple of years! Of course there might be someone that also found out how to create it by luck but the chances of that happening is almost nonexistent."
"In addition while refining you must make sure that the fuse rate amount used and fire temperature is perfect. You need to do countless experiments and have an incredible soul perception to do that. Or else why do you think that every Alchemist needs a teacher? To become a strong Alchemist is impossible without a teacher guiding you. Just the time you spend trying out the different combinations of herbs would cost you your whole life!"
"Therefore I can"t include the entire Dou Qi Mainland but at least for Jia Ma Empire no one else has made a Foundation Elixir like mine!" At this point Yao Lao"s voice incorporated a hint of pride.
Surprised by the complexity in the seemingly simple Foundation Elixir Xiao Yan instinctively licked his lips. When he looked at Yao Lao refining herbs it all seemed so simple but now with Yao Lao"s explanation he realized that the art of Alchemy isn"t as simple as what he had saw.
The Alchemy world is definitely huge and mysterious. No wonder an Alchemist is the most honorable profession in the entire Dou Qi Mainland.
But after his shock Xiao Yan felt a tinge of glee: "Teacher I"m not going to use the horrible Foundation Elixir to train. Instead I wanted to sell it in an auction. Even though I don"t have much right now after the Foundation Elixir is sold then I"d have quite a bit and at that point buying high quality material for the Foundation Elixir would be super easy. Right?"
"I see... Sure. Alchemists selling their own pills isn"t interesting news and the Foundation Elixir is at the lowest level of training medicine so selling it doesn"t really matter." After thinking for a while Yao Lao carelessly said.
Hearing Yao Lao"s agreement Xiao Yan quickly got what he needed and rushed out of his room.
Because Xiao Yan didn"t need high quality herbs he carelessly picked the youngest Purple Bluegrass and Bone Washing Flower in the pharmacy and as for the monster core he brought the cheapest core he could find the Green Wood Mouse Monster Core.
After buying all the medicine Xiao Yan found a hidden alley and had Yao Lao refine the herbs into the Foundation Elixir.
The Foundation Elixir this time not only had a much worse effect than last time it even had a different color. Going from a near transparent jade green to mottled ugly green...
After placing the pill that was the size of half of Xiao Yan"s fist into a while Jade bottle that he had bought earlier Xiao Yan finally let out a relaxed breath.
After hiding the jade bottle securely Xiao Yan left the alley and ran towards Wu Tan City"s largest Auction.


Chapter 21:Second Tier Alchemist Gu Ni
Premier Auctions: Wu Tan City"s largest auction house and a branch of Jia Ma empire"s richest family the Premier Family.
The Premier family was extremely ancient and had been a quite powerful force in Jia Ma Empire for a couple of centuries already. Their networks were definitely impressive and some rumors even claimed that the Premier family had close ties with Jia Ma Empire"s royalty.
In the Empire the Premier Family Nalan Family and Ritter Family are the three largest families and have various connections in the commercial and military world.
Therefore with the Premier family supporting it no matter how enticing the profits of the auction were no one would dare to try anything against them.
.....
Looking at the auction house at the end of the street Xiao Yan turned into a side alley and quickly put on a black robe.
TL: Imagine a harry potter school robe
The black robe did not only cover up Xiao Yan"s face it also altered his skinny frame to seem a lot wider. Even if Xue Er was looking at the robed figure she would not be able to realize it was Xiao Yan...
After being covered by a black robe Xiao Yan let out a relieved breath. It wasn"t that Xiao Yan was being too careful but rather that the Foundation Elixir was too precious. For clans the attraction of Foundation Elixirs was huge. If someone could mass produce it then it would mean that the younger generation of the clan would grow at an accelerated rate which would help the clan further their power and in turn lead to a positive cycle.
In order to avoid unnecessary trouble Xiao Yan could only choose to hide himself....
Carefully touching the slightly cold White Jade bottle Xiao Yan slowly walked out of the alley and went towards the auction house at the end of the street.
Under the vigilant glances by the fully armored guards Xiao Yan walked into the auction house without stopping.
As soon as Xiao Yan entered the house the scorching feeling from the sun was replaced with a cool feeling. It made people feel as if they had stepped into a new world.
Sweeping through the fancy hall Xiao Yan quickly found a side room. On the door which led to the room were the shiny words "Inspection Room".
Walking inside the room was quite empty and only a middle aged man who was obviously bored sat there. Hearing the door open the man raised his head and upon seeing the black robed Xiao Yan his brow slightly furrowed. But immediately the expression on his face changed to a professional smile: "Sir do you plan on having something inspected?"
"Yes." Under the black robe a dry and old voice lightly floated out. It was Yao Lao"s voice!
Xiao Yan walked up and placed the White Jade bottle on the desk in front of the middle aged man.
"This is?" Looking confused the middle aged man carefully picked up the White Jade bottle and sniffed it. The expression on his face immediately changed and when he looked back at the black robed figure his gaze had a hint of respect: "Mister you"re an Alchemist?"
"Yes." The aged voice came out again.
"Could I ask what... pill is within this bottle? What does it do?" Hearing that he was dealing with an alchemist the middle aged man asked with even more respect.
"Foundation Elixir: It can increase Dou Qi training speed but only useful for people under the Dou Zhe level."
"Oh? It can increase the Dou Qi training speed?" Hearing Yao Lao"s words the expression on the middle aged man changed. Everyone knew that Dou Qi could only be trained following a set formula and since the Qi Paths for individuals are especially weak at this point if the effects of the medicine were too fierce then the Qi Paths would burst and the person would die...
"My elixir doesn"t have any side effects and the medicinal power is extremely peaceful so it won"t cause something like that to happen. You don"t need to worry about that happening." As if he could understand what the middle aged man was thinking the wizened voice calmly explained.
His expression changing once more the middle aged man carefully placed the White Jade bottle on the table in front of him and respectfully asked: "Mister could you wait for a second? I need to ask our auction"s Gu Ni master to inspect this Elixir!"
"Sure hurry up." Waving his hand Xiao Yan did not pretend to be polite and sat in a chair to the side.
The middle aged man quickly nodded and hurriedly left the room.
Sitting on the chair Xiao Yao remained silent and didn"t attempt to speak with Yao Lao. This was someone else"s place and being cautious was better than not. Who knew if there were things that could listen in on their conversation.
After waiting in the room for a little while the middle aged man returned with a green robed elder with slightly whitened hair.
On the chest of the elder were not gold stars but rather something like an alchemy furnace and on the alchemy furnace were two silver lines sparkling with elegance.
"Mister this is our auction"s Gu Ni Master. He"s a three small Da Do Shi! At the same time he"s also a second tier Alchemist!" The middle aged man respectfully introduced the newcomer.
Hearing the identity of the elder Xiao Yan"s brow instinctively jumped. This was the first time that he met an alchemist beside Yao Lao. He carefully re-examined the elder.
The elder had a red face and even though the green robe seemed ordinary there were slivers of light surging across it. Obviously this robe had some kind of a Monster Core implanted into it. On the elder"s commonplace face was an ever present arrogance something that all Alchemists had.
While Xiao Yan was examining Gu Ni Gu Ni was also studying the person in front of him. Alchemists weren"t like Dou Zhes and Alchemists were highly sought after by various forces. Therefore when Gu Ni was studying Xiao Yan he was also trying to guess who the Alchemist was.
The middle aged man carefully picked up the Jade bottle on the table and passed it to Gu Ni...
Taking the White Jade bottle Gu Ni first sniffed the sweet fragrance while his old eyes closed slightly. Lightly tipping the bottle a drop of green liquid slowly rolled from the opening of the bottle to land in the middle of Gu Ni"s palm.
Staring at the green liquid Gu Ni whipped out a silver needle and on the tip of the needle showed a slight Dou Qi fluctuation. It quietly slipped into the green liquid and slowly stirred...
With the stirring of the needle Gu Ni"s calm face changed into a serious expression. Moments later he placed the green liquid back into the jade bottle. When he looked at Xiao Yan again his arrogant face had a hint of respect. Turning towards the middle aged man he said: "The elixir is at second tier. Everything that was said before is true!"
Hearing that the middle aged man let out a relieved breath and excitedly smiled at Xiao Yan: "Mister do you plan on auctioning this Elixir?"
"Yup can you auction it as soon as possible?"
"Hehe that"s no problem. Mister take this and go to the first auction room. Luckily we"re having an auction there right now and your Elixir will be auctioned immediately!" The middle aged man smiled while handing over a pitch black metal card.
"Okay." Taking the metal card Xiao Yan didn"t wait and left the room immediately.
"Gu Ni Master is he really an Alchemist?" Only after Xiao Yan had left their sight did the middle aged man whispered quietly to Gu Ni.
"Yes he"s an Alchemist. His agile Soul Perception can"t be wrong..." Gu Ni nodded but his brow was furrowed and he muttered: "But where did he come from? I haven"t heard of any Alchemist that can refine a second tier pill in Wu Tan City."
"Shall I do some research?"
Gu Ni paused before shaking his head: "Not now. All alchemists have weird tempers and if he notices you trying to dig up his history he"ll have a bad impression of the auction. To be on the bad side of a mysterious Alchemist is never a smart move."
Turning around Gu Ni lightly said: "For him to have a good impression of our auction you should know how to do that right?"
"Hehe I understand."
"Remember even if we can"t become friends with him we can"t offend him either. Or else..." Leaving behind a couple of cold words Gu Ni also left the room.


Chapter 22:Hurricane Chant
Under the lead of an waitress Xiao Yan entered the already started auction.
Entering the hall where the auction was being held the originally bright environment darkened while thunderous yells poured everywhere. It made Xiao Yan furrow his brows.
The auction was huge and the hall could definitely fit at least hundreds to even thousands of people. At this time at the center of the hall under a bright light a red robed beauty was using her charming voice to describe the item in her hand.
Under the numbing and clear sound of the voice the item that really wasn"t worth much had it"s price increase at an exponential rate.
Finding a remote seat Xiao Yan quietly sat down and glanced at the beauty in the middle of the hall. With his acute observations he realized that most of the people were here for her and not the items that were being auctioned.
Premier Auction House"s top auctioneer: Ya Fei. She was an extremely famous beauty within Wu Tan City and her mature charm made many attracted to her.
Suddenly the silent Xiao Yan turned around and stared at a man not too far away from him but hidden in a corner. His arms were swaying with words of Ya Fei"s small red mouth and his hands disappeared beneath his waist...
"Damn!" Lightly cursing Xiao Yan who was under the robe rolled his eyes: This guy is so shameless!
While cursing in his mind Xiao Yan quickly moved away and bitterly smiled. His gaze once again went to the center of the hall and watched the charming curves of the auctioneer while muttering: "Yao Jing."
TL: Yao Jing is a derogatory(depends on context) term for beauties
After looking at the item in Ya Fei"s hand Xiao Yan lost his interest. He didn"t have that much money to buy a piece of junk even if the seller of that item was a beautiful woman. After tearing his gaze away from Ya Fei Xiao Yan started slowly looking around the hall.
"Huh... father?" His gaze stopping Xiao Yan focused in on a middle-aged man sitting in the front row. Suddenly his facial expression became one of shock: "Does father have an interest in that women?"
The odd thought didn"t last long because Xiao Yan had discovered that his father"s gaze wasn"t focused on Ya Fei but rather was looking into the distance as if he was waiting for something.
Why is father here? Pondering the question Xiao Yan moved his gaze again. This time he surprisingly realized that the clan leaders of the other two big clans Jia Lie Clan and Ao Ba Clan were here!
Something"s going to be auctioned that attracts all of them! His brow jumping Xiao Yan curiously touched his nose. What could have attracted all three of the clan leaders to come here?
.....
To be honest the woman named Ya Fei was a expert at creating the atmosphere. Her glances and smiles would make the price of the item go up exponentially for a while. In addition every time the price was raised she would send a charming smile to the person who just called out the latest price and they would forget their pain of overpaying for the item.
The atmosphere within the auction house was kept at a climax with her smiles.
"Hehe everyone the auction house has just received a new auction item. I believe that everyone would be interested in it." After auctioning the latest item Ya Fei suddenly paused and said aloud towards the audience. With a wave of her hand a waitress quickly brought up a jade plate and in the middle of the plate was a while jade bottle.
"This is a second tier pill." With her delicate hand picking up the jade bottle Ya Fei"s charming voice calmed the auctioneers for an instant. But soon the yells became even louder in Dou Qi Mainland the pills refined by Alchemists were the most sought after items.
"This thing is named Foundation Elixir. It is only effective to those below the Dou Zhe level. Training in Foundation Elixir allows people under the Dou Zhe level to have an increased efficiency in training! Hehe if you like you son or grandson to be called a genius this is perfect for you!" Her attractive mouth lightly breathed the words and numbed the minds of many of the auctioneers.
"Foundation Elixir? It can raise one"s Dou Qi training speed? Lady Ya Fei the people in that stage can"t take the pressure of the pill right?" Even though Ya Fei was extremely charming there were also many people that stayed calm and after a brief silence someone raised an essential question.
"Hehe this elixir was personally inspected by our Gu Ni master and was found to be a second tier pill. There will not be a problem everyone can be assured of that." Ya Fei lightly laughed while responding.
Hearing that Gu Ni had personally inspected the pill those with doubt didn"t question the validity of the pill anymore. Everyone knew that Gu Ni Master was a second tier Alchemist. in the entire Wu Tan City even the clan leaders of the three clans were courteous towards him.
Xiao Yan lazily leaned on his chair and watched the excited atmosphere within the crowd. Letting out a light breath he thought: Looks like this Foundation Elixir will bring quite a bit of income! Slightly shifting his gaze to his father Xiao Yan realized that the previously calm expression on his father had slightly changed.
"8500!" Right when Ya Fei"s voice stopped a person yelled out a price.
"9000!" Another price came right after the first price had been called.
.....
The price quickly went up and within a couple of seconds it got to 13000!
Even though Xiao Yan"s father"s was somewhat excited he didn"t call out a price immediately and instead closed his eyes waiting for the small fry calls to stop.
The price went up again but soon the voices died out. At that time an elder also sitting in the first row lightly said: "20000!"
After calling out that price the final voices in the auction died out. Some of the hopeful looked towards that emotionless elder but could only sit back down disappointed. They didn"t have the wealth to be in a price war with the Jia Lie Clan.
"Hehe Jia Lie Bi didn"t your son already become a Dou Zhe? Why are you still thinking about this Foundation Elixir?" A middle aged man who was also sitting in the first row turned around to fakely smile at Jia Lie Bi.
"Ao Ba Pa can"t I buy it for my future grandson?" Jia Lie Bi obviously didn"t like the middle aged man and coldly sneered at the latter.
Let"s see if your luck lets you have a grandson maybe some day your son finds himself without....After silently cursing at Jia Lie Bi Ao Ba Pa also called out: "23000!"
"25000!"
......
Within 10 minutes and under the surprised stares of everyone within the auction the two were like dogs fighting over a meal and raised the price to 31000!
"40000!" The closed eyed Xiao Zhan suddenly spoke up.
Everyone within the auction hall went silent and switched their stares to Xiao Zhan. Even Ao Ba Pa and Jia Lie Bi were stunned by the sudden raise in the price.
"Hehe Clan leader Xiao looks like you really want this Foundation Elixir." Jia Lie Bi smiled.
Xiao Zhan glanced at him and said: "If you want it then just raise the price. I promise I won"t raise the price again."
Jia Lie Bi paused and thought about the truth within Xiao Zhan"s words. Soon he shook his head since his purpose here today wasn"t for the Foundation Elixir and to waste money that could have gone to that item was not a smart idea.
Ao Ba Pa on the other side seeing that Jia Lie Bi stopped raising the price also shrugged his shoulders. Even though the Foundation Elixir was extremely tempting his goal wasn"t that. Therefore he also stopped raising the price.
"Clan leader Xiao Zhan has bid 40000 Gold Coins is there anyone that wishes to raise the price?" Seeing the calm hall Ya Fei smiled while reminding the crowd.
"Since no one has raised the price this Foundation Elixir will go to clan leader Xiao Zhan!" Seeing that no one responded Ya Fei was smart and lightly tapped her small hammer on the table signalling that the Foundation Elixir had found its new owner.
In a remote area Xiao Yan didn"t know whether to laugh or cry. After so much he had received the money off of his father.
"Hehe next we"ll be auctioning the final auction item!" Placing the jade bottle back within the plate Ya Fei waved her hand and the light in the hall dimmed. Bending down she took out a silver plate and in the middle of the plate was a green unadorned scroll.
The scroll was slightly glowing green and with the reflections off of the silver plate it was cast in a mysterious light.
"High Xuan Level Qi Method: Hurricane Chant!"


Chapter 23:The Scramble
The moment Ya Fei said High Level Xuan Qi Method the entire auction went silent.
Compared to the Foundation Elixir Dou Qi Methods were infinitely more valuable.
Even though pills were expensive they were a one-time use item. But Qi Methods would last for one"s entire life and can even be inherited by one"s sons and grandsons. So from a long term standpoint a high level Qi Method was much more sought after compared to pills.
After all once a person has a high level Qi Method even without the support of pills that person can become a force to be reckoned with after a period of time. On the other hand if one doesn"t have a Qi Method and only has pills then even if that person is eating pills like they are candy he still would not become too strong.
After a brief moment of shock the auctioneers recovered and sent their burning gazes at the green scroll at the middle of the hall. Even the charming Ya Fei seemed to have been forgotten...
Sitting in the back row Xiao Yan let out a breath. High Xuan Level Qi Method? No wonder... The Qi Method is an entire tier higher than Xiao Clan"s top Qi Method Furious Lion"s Rage. No wonder that the three clan leaders in Wu Tan City came here in person. So they were all gunning for this...
"A High Xuan Level..." Watching the motionless green scroll Xiao Yan instinctively licked his lips. To own that scroll would basically mean that they have a pass to become a top Dou Zhe and after a few decades there would be a new force that would rival the three clans in Wu Tan City.
"It"s only a High Xuan Level Qi Method what"s so special about that." Right when Xiao Yan was fantasizing about the Qi Method Yao Lao"s voice awkwardly sounded within Xiao Yan.
"Only..." Rolling his eyes Xiao Yan felt that there was a huge gap between him and the old geezer that would claim top tier Qi Methods were trash. He could only purse his lips and remain silent.
"Brat just keep on training. The day that you become a Dou Zhe I"ll let you see what a high tier Qi Method is!" After Yao Lao finished his thought he became silent again.
Pursing his lips again Xiao Yan muttered: "I hope so."
......
"Everyone this Xuan Level Qi Method was found by a hunter in the mountains. It must have been left behind by an ancestor so it won"t bring anyone any trouble after they buy it. Everyone can bid without fearing that there may be consequences." Ya Fei carefully held up the green scroll and lightly said.
"Lady Ya Fei can you set the bottom price already!" One of the auctioneers impatiently yelled out.
Keeping her charming smile Ya Fei said: "Hurricane Chant bottom price 200000 Gold Coins!"
After she called out the bottom price the auction house became visibly quieter. Obviously a lot of the auctioneers didn"t have the wealth to buy such an expensive item.
In a remote region Xiao Yan couldn"t help but shake his head. This woman kills people without spilling blood! 200000 Gold Coins is equal to the profits of Xiao Clan for an entire two years!
TL: Killing people without spilling blood means to indirectly "kill" someone something like I leave a huge cliffhanger at the end of this chapter :P Of course that won"t happen
Xiao Zhan and the other two clan leaders visibly shivered. But they could do nothing about the price for something as valuable as this; they would be willing to pay such a high price to obtain it. Even if they didn"t want to buy it someone else would.
Under the 200000 price no one bid at all.
Facing the awkward atmosphere Ya Fei kept her charming smile. She knew that the attraction of this Qi Method was so huge that people would be willing to use their entire fortune to buy it.
Just like her prediction the lack of bids didn"t last for long. A nearly bald middle aged man shakily yelled out: "210000!"
Xiao Yan looked towards the voice; he knew this bald middle aged man. The bald man was the owner of a weapon shop that nearly monopolized the entire weapons market in Wu Tan City. Even though he couldn"t compare to the three clan leaders he was still quite powerful.
"230000!" Right after the weapon shop owner yelled out his price a yellow robed elder also called out his price.
The yellow robed elder was a huge medicine merchant that owned quite a few shops in Wu Tan City. Like the middle aged man he couldn"t compare to the three clan leaders but nevertheless he was quite powerful.
Giving an evil eye to the elder the bald middle aged man yelled out again: "240000!"
Within the auction house there were only a few bids. After all the 200000 price was enough to bar the majority of auctioneers from bidding.
"300000!" Right when the previous two were about to quit bidding Jia Lie Bi in the first row finally called out his bid.
After Jia Lie Bi called out his bid the two helplessly back down.
"330000!" In Wu Tan City the only people that could rival Jia Lie Clan were Xiao Clan and Ao Ba Clan. This price was called out by Ao Ba Clan"s clan leader Ao Ba Pa.
Coldly glancing at Ao Ba Pa Jia Lie Bi coldly said: "350000!"
Ao Ba Pa forced out: "370000!"
"380000!"
"400000!"
Under Ao Ba Pa"s continuous raises Jia Lie Bi followed without hesitation. It seems like he was prepared to get the scroll at any cost.
When the price got to 430000 Ao Ba Pa had to stop bidding. 430000 was enough to force the powerful Ao Ba Clan into a financial crisis.
"450000!" Seeing Ao Ba Pa back down Jia Lie Bi didn"t have a chance to celebrate before Xiao Zhan"s bid his price.
Coldly staring at Xiao Zhan Jia Lie Bi was full of rage. In the three clans Xiao Clan and Ao Ba Clan had Middle Xuan Level Qi Methods but Jia Lie Clan only had a Low Xuan Level Qi Method which is why Jia Lie Bi was willing to pay any price to get this High Xuan Qi Method.
Under the gleeful look of Ao Ba Pa Jia Lie Bi clenched his teeth and spit out: "460000!"
"500000!" The impassive Xiao Zhan raised the price to a whole new level!
At the center of the auction hall watching the two fight over the bids Ya Fei"s beautiful smile became even more charming.
"550000!" His eyes red Jia Lie Bi finally decided to raise the price again after a brief pause.
"You"ve won." Contrary to everyone"s predictions after Xiao Zhan heard Jia Lie Bi"s bid Xiao Zhan only smiled and taunted Jia Lie Bi.
The surprise in Jia Lie Bi"s expression was quickly replaced with a dark face. The rational side of him knew that he had been played...
"Xiao Zhan you win! I"ll remember this!" After cursing at Xiao Zhan Jia Lie Bi raised his head to look at the stunned Ya Fei. Even though he was extremely angry he wasn"t one to be dictated by his emotions and with a dark face suppressed his emotions: "Lady Ya Fei should the auction end?"
Not changing expressions because of Jia Lie Bi"s angry stare Ya Fei calmly smiled. Her eyes contained a hint of ridicule and under the tense stare of Jia Lie Bi lightly tapped the hammer in her hand.
"Hurricane Chant won by Jia Lie Clan Leader!"
Seeing the final moments of the auction Xiao Yan smiled and slowly got up leaving the auction house.
"Hahh once I get the money I"ll start training. One year later I need to give father a surprise." When he was at the door steps of the auction house Xiao Yan lightly muttered.


Chapter 24:Everything For Later
Leaving the first auction hall Xiao Yan returned to the Inspection Room and under the respectful gaze of the middle aged man patiently waited.
A few minutes later with a flurry of footsteps two shadows pushed the door open.
"Hehe are you the owner of the Foundation Elixir? Mister this must be the first time you"ve come to Wu Tan City right?" With a gust of perfume a charming yet numbing giggle sounded besides Xiao Yan. It made his firm mindset waver.
After cursing "Yao Jing" Xiao Yan furrowed his face further within the robe before turning around to look at the red-dressed woman besides him.
With close contact Xiao Yan once again realized the charm within Ya Fei. On the dazzling face was a pair of watery eyes with long eyelashes that seemed to always send out strands of binding ropes to men. Looking down past the graceful white neck Xiao Yan was almost sucked into her cleavage. Her natural charm even influenced the calm Xiao Yan...
Although Xiao Yan had a red face thankfully it was covered by his robe. Calming himself Xiao Yao slightly nodded and at the same time Yao Lao"s voice also floated out: "The auction was successful? Give me the money I have something to do!"
As if she was intrigued by the age of the owner of the black robe Ya Fei covered her mouth as she laughed. After a while she recovered: "Please excuse us for a little while longer. We"re still working on the paperwork."
Slightly nodding Xiao Yan didn"t open his mouth again and moved his sight from Ya Fei while keeping silent.
Looking at the mysterious person covered in the black robe Ya Fei"s brows furrowed. Looks like her prideful beauty had no effect. Pursing her lips her gaze swept over the mysterious person trying to discern every single detail in order to find out who she was dealing with.
After sweeping through Xiao Yan and not getting any information Ya Fei disappointedly looked at Gu Ni. After their eyes met she bit her lips and asked: "Mister Ya Fei has rarely seen an alchemist that doesn"t have the alchemist badge could I ask for your name?"
"Huh? Girl coming to this place means that I need to say who I am?" Under the black robe Yao Lao"s voice coldly spoke up.
"Hehe Ya Fei was only curious. If mister doesn"t want to say it Ya Fei wouldn"t force you." Ya Fei lightly laughed.
Through the black robe Xiao Yan watched the white legs wrapped in a red dress besides. Even though he couldn"t help but admire her beauty he silently reminded himself that for Ya Fei to become the top auctioneer she wasn"t some flower pot. Everyone said that beauty was trouble after all in the entire Wu Tan City there were countless suitors but even to this day none of them achieved their goal. Even though many of them blamed the Primer Auction House behind her none of them would claim that she was a pretty flowerpot.
With such a clever woman besides him Xiao Yan was as careful as if he was walking on top of ice. He was afraid that Ya Fei would discover something from him but thankfully with Yao Lao talking the mysterious geezer wouldn"t be charmed by the "Yao Jing" besides him.
From Yao Lao"s impassive words Ya Fei wasn"t able to find any information. In the end she gave up on trying to find new information and instead smiled while taking out a crystal card. On the card was the Primer Family logo: "Mister this is the Primer Auction House"s VIP card. With this card you can receive VIP treatment at any Primer Family Auction House. At the same time the taxes that the Auctions take would go from 5% to 2%!"
Hearing that Xiao Yan"s brows jumped. Compared to the blabber before he liked this kind of solid benefits so after pausing for a while he took the crystal card.
Seeing the long and pale hand out of the back robe a glint of confusion flashed across Ya Fei"s eyes. The voice from the person under the black robe was obviously the voice of an old man but he has a hand that looks like a young man. This person who is he?
At this time a waitress ran in and courteously handed a green card to Ya Fei.
"Mister the Foundation Elixir sold for 40000 Gold Coins and taking out 2% as auction fees the rest is in here." Ya Fei smiled while handing the green card over.
Taking the green card Xiao Yan"s tense heart fell. The funds for his training were inside that tiny green card. 40000 Gold Coins that would be enough to train to a Dou Zhe....
Since he already got the money Xiao Yan didn"t have any more reason to stay and after carelessly pushing his hands together a wizened voice calmly said: "I can leave now right?"
"Hehe of course. If you would like to auction off any more pills please keep the Primer Auction House in mind." Ya Fei smiled.
"Mm." Carelessly responding Xiao Yan stood up and left the tense room.
Watching the disappearing shadow of Xiao Yan the smile on Ya Fei"s face slowly disappeared and she plopped down into a nearby chair.
"Gu Ni shu-shu is he really an Alchemist?" After an awkward silence Ya Fei broke the stillness.
"Yeah and his Alchemy skills are better than mine. That second tier Foundation Elixir I can"t refine it." Gu Ni answered while sighing.
"Even with the formula?" Slightly wincing Ya Fei"s red mouth carelessly let out a dangerous sentence.
Hearing Ya Fei"s words Gu Ni"s face changed and he hurriedly said: "A formula is an alchemist"s life. Please don"t think that again. To carelessly anger a mysterious alchemist even for the Primer family is a huge deal. A couple dozen years ago the famous Cech family of Jia Ma Empire enraged Pill King Gu He and was annihilated by 4 Dou Wangs that Gu He sent. Even the Jia Ma Empire"s royalty wouldn"t control the matter!"
"Even though our family is much stronger than the Cech family it"s best not to offend some mysterious alchemist. Alchemists are like a hornet"s nest once you poke it he"ll find countless friends and many experts would love to have an Alchemist owe them a favor."
Watching the panicking Gu Ni Ya Fei bitterly smiled while massaging her forehead: "Gu Ni Shu Shu what are you saying. I wasn"t thinking any of that do you think that Ya Fei has wasted these few years?"
"I was reminding you." Hearing Ya Fei"s words Gu Ni let out a breath. He was really afraid that she would do something stupid.
Pursing her lips Ya Fei propped up her cheek while sighing. Alchemists they really are some dangerous people but why don"t I have such a talent?


Chapter 25:I"ll Pay for It
After he sneaked back into his room Xiao Yan quickly closed the door and went to the corner of the room before finally taking out a bunch of medical herbs and magic crystals. He carefully placed them in the cabinet and deeply sniffed the smell of herbs as he smiled with relief.
To practice uninterrupted Xiao Yan had purchased the amount of herbs needed for 8 months of usage allowing him to practice non-stop for the rest of the year.
As he affectionately patted the cabinet his lips cracked open and he lazily goes on the side of his bed putting his head down. Today"s activities had made him really tired
"Yan Er are you there?" A mumbled voice and a knock pass through his door..
Opening his blurry eyes Xiao Yan hurriedly jumped out of his bed then opened his room"s door looking at Xiao Zhao outside of the door and asked: "Father do you need something?"
"Can"t I see for you even if I don"t need anything from you? You kid you hid from me for 2 months." Xiao Zhan reprimanded as he rubbed Xiao Yan"s head affectionately.
Looking at Xiao Zhan"s warm smiling face Xiao Yan"s was moved as he pumped his sore nose not knowing what to say.
"Are you still feeling responsible for that ? Haha if she can"t take a liking to my son it is her loss. You don"t have to be sad. Why should a great man act like a little kid? I know that this son of Xiao Zhan is not a cripple." Xiao Zhan boldly said.
"Haha father after 3 years Yan Er will go to the Faction of Misty Clouds personally." Xiao Yan said in a soft voice with a smile.
Xiao Zhao"s smiling face became more serious as he stared at Xiao Yan. After a while he said with some hesitation: "Father feels fine but... are you really going to? Father isn"t saying that you can"t reach Nalan Yanran but the strength of the Faction of Misty Clouds..."
Xiao Yan smiled as he nodded his thin lips forcing a somewhat stubborn line: "Father that there are some things that as a man I have to bear."
"Aha this temper of your resembles mine much if your two big brothers knew that you thought like this they would probably be very happy" Towards Xiao Yan"s dedication Xiao Zhan smiled pleased before sighing and nodded heavily: "Good father waits for his son to give him some face I want the old bastard Nalan Shu to beg me to remake that marriage promise."
Xiao Yan nodded and couldn"t help but laugh.
"Hey I"ll give you this consider it as your father"s support." He handed to Xiao Yan a very familiar white bottle.
Looking at this elixir that went back to his own hands Xian Yan didn"t know whether to laugh or to cry. But on his face he maintained a puzzled expression : "Father this is?"
"Foundation Elixir it"ll accelerate your Dou Qi cultivation I just bought it today." Xiao Zhan"s mouth smiled.
"You must have spent a lot of money for this right?" As he received the white jade bottle Xiao Yan"s heart felt warm.
"40 000 gold coins but if it can be of use to you it is worth its price " Xiao Zhan smiled as though he didn"t care.
"You spent 40 000 gold coins for buying me this foundation spirit elixir? Won"t the elders perhaps cause trouble to you using this excuse?" Xiao Yan smiled bitterly.
"Tssk I am the Clan Leader they can at most utter some words" Xiao Zhan said coldly.
"Father thank you during the adult ceremony in one year I will make them shut their mouth completely". Xiao Yan calmly laughed as he said that.
"Good I am waiting for my son to transform once more !" Although he didn"t know from where Xiao Yan"s confidence came from Xiao Zhan was very happy seeing his son"s confident appearance.
"Alright I won"t disturb your rest. If there are any problems come and see your father as a family member I cannot let you be disgraced." Waving his hand Xiao Zhan turned around as he took big strides leaving the front yard.
"Shit I also have to face these old fools now. I only spent 40 000 Gold Coins but they will act like I had spent the money that was supposed to be used for buying their coffins." From the night Xiao Zhan"s mutters floated to Xiao Yan.
Looking at his father vanish into the darkness Xiao Yan touched his nose and smiled while saying in a low voice:"Relax father I will use reality to make these people quiet. 3 years before I could make them look up at me 3 years after I will still be able to !"
After standing at his door for a while Xiao Yan put away the white jade bottle. Then he shot a look at the corner of the room teasing: "Girl ! Is it fun to eavesdrop on people?"
"Xiao Yan ge-ge that was keen from you......." From the corner a pretty young girl wearing a purple skirt came out elegantly. Leaning her little head a big smile was revealed on her beautiful face.
Looking at the mischievous girl"s face Xiao Yan helplessly shook his head.
"Where did Xiao Yan ge-ge go this afternoon?" Xun Er came forward walked up lightly and asked with a smile.
"I was just on a little stroll."
"Is that so?" Her eyes looking up and down Xun Er suddenly took a step forward and bent slightly. Her nose wrinkled while she said: "I smell the fragrance of a woman."
"*Cough* come on why would I have a woman"s fragrance." Xiao Yan"s immature face suddenly blushed but in the dark his as well as the girl"s face couldn"t be seen clearly.
"Hee hee." Seemingly liking this predicament Xiao Yan was in Xun Er laughed and a moment later stopped laughing. Before quietly saying : "A moment ago I also heard Xiao shu-shu"s words I believe that Xiao Yan ge-ge yup....... In the future you really want to go to the Faction of the Misty Clouds Xun Er will come with you to help you......"
Hearing this Xiao Yan blinked and tightly stared at the young girl"s beautiful small face.
Under Xiao Yan"s unrestrained vision Xun Er"s her face flushed a little from shyness as she whispered :"Xiao Yan ge-ge what are you looking at....."
"Hehe Xun Er can also blush such a rare sight." Xiao Yan unexpectedly said with a smile.
Xun Er coldly glanced at Xiao Yan and she muttered under her breath: "And you can also glance at people this way."
"Good good have confidence in ge-ge although the Faction of Misty Clouds is formidable I am still young. This Yun Yun who spoils that girl Nalan Yanran definitely isn"t too great of a teacher." Xiao Yan smiled as he rubbed the black hair of the young girl. "Well it is late head back for a rest."
Looking at Xiao Yan waving Xun Er shakes her head reluctantly. And went into the darkness under his sight.
After turning a corner sounds could be heard from a quarrel between Xiao Zhan and the several elders. The topic of the quarrel: how the 40 000 gold coins were used.
Stopping Xun Er"s little eyebrows wrinkled and she lets out a small sigh while a purple card appeared between her slim fingers.
Her fingertips flicking the purple colored gold-card making the purple-gold card flash into golden light as it soared towards the room where the elders are quarrelling with Xiao Zhan.
The room suddenly became silent while Xun Er faintly said: "This is the money for the Foundation Elixir. In this card there are 100000 gold coins now that I"ve given you this I hope that you elders won"t continue to give uncle Xiao trouble."
The room was completely silent before the "yes" acknowledgments from the three elders came through.


Chapter 26:Intensive training
"Octane Blast!"
In the forest a crisp roar rung out.
An agile shadow was jumping flexibly in these woods and even though the forest was densely covered with thorns they didn"t obstruct him at all.
In the next instant the shadow unexpectedly stopped before a 0.5 meter large tree and with the body half slanted an elbow slammed against the tree.
"Bang !" A noise rang as wood splinters scattered. Spidery cracks appeared on the point of impact and spread throughout the whole tree.
"*Crunch*......" The tree had a huge gaping hole with the elbow hit and emitted a crunching sound before loudly falling to the ground a moment later.
The moment the big tree fell the agile shadow quickly took a few steps back vigorously like a monkey and lightly floated to a green colored stone.
Looking at the results of his efforts Xiao Yan"s delicate small face showed a smile. In the past three months this was the first time he had succeeded in using the Octane Blast a high Xuan level skill. This Octane Blast that could rival a Di Dou Technique didn"t let Xiao Yan down; with Xiao Yan"s 6 Duan Qi he could rival the destruction of a person at 8 Duan Qi!
......
The more one"s Duan Qi level rises the harder it is for one to raise their Duan Qi. But since the auction Xiao Yan went into intensive training for 3 months and only a few days before did his Duan Qi jump from 5 Duan Qi to 6 Duan Qi.
To gain one Duan Qi in 3 months although this speed is slower compared to the two months needed for reaching 5 Duan Qi Xiao Yan was still very satisfied. When he was training before it took him an entire half year to go from 5 Duan Qi to 6 Duan Qi. The current speed is terrifying
......
After having used Octane Blast Xiao Yan"s whole body was like a sponge which was suddenly squeezed of its water. A noticeable pain was constantly corroding his nerves while the veins on his arms were visibly pulsing. These were the signs of extreme exhaustion...
Licking his lips Xiao Yan struggled to turn his head to look at his right elbow. What entered his vision was a crimson elbow......
"Tss...." A corner of his mouth cracked open while Xiao Yan inhaled a deep breath and said with a bitter smile: "No wonder I had to bear such harsh beatings. Or else what this strike would have broken wouldn"t have been the tree but my arm. This Octane Blast skill is pretty much a comparison of who has the harder body."
u"His whole body lying on the ice-cold stone Xiao Yans rapid breathing slowly calmed down. However the aching sensations of Xiao Yan"s body made him not want to move even his finger yet."
With Xiao Yan"s 6 Duan Qi he could at most use the Octane Blast once and after using it he would be completely depleted of his strength until much later.
Xiao Yan threw back his head narrowed his eyes and lazily looked at the floating clouds in the blue sky. A slight breeze brushes by blowing a wisp of his black hair to flap against his forehead.
Seeping through his body as Xiao Yan rested were the Foundation Elixirs that he had absorbed for the past months and now they were at work repairing his muscle tissue and cells at maximum speed bringing new energy to Xiao Yan.
"Teacher how long do I need to keep practicing before I can attain 7 Duan Qi?" While his eyes were shut Xiao Yan suddenly whispered.
His goal was to attain 7th rank and thus acquiring the qualification to enter the Xiao Clan"s Dou Qi Hall where he could find Qi Methods to practice. Even though at this point those Qi Methods are at a far too low level for him he must acquire these qualifications because it related to the face of his father.
A cold breeze blew by as Yao Lao"s transparent body appeared besides the enormous stone.
With a happy expression in his face as he looked at his junior Yao Lao first took note of the big tree. Then he nodded as he said with a smile: "Your training speed is beyond my expectations. Originally I believed that even with the help of the elixir you would need a year before entering 7 Duan Qi.... or is it because you were suppressed far too hard before bouncing back now. Looking at this progress within 2 months you can certainly enter the 7th Dou Qi rank.
Hearing this Xiao Yan"s lips lifted up making a turn of a faint smile. He really wanted to know after these 3 years during which he has been unceasingly taunted by his clan members when they will see his strength what kind of expression will they show? That day when he was talking to Nalan Yanran in the main hall didn"t those words apply to them as well?
"I Xiao Yan could create a miracle 3 years ago and three years later I can still do it!" His vision glittered a little as Xiao Yan thought about half a year before how he was taunted in the main hall. But even though his silhouette was lonely it was unbending and persistent.
Nalan Yanran I am catching up to you step by step wait for me! We shall meet in Faction of Misty Clouds in three year!
The corner of his mouth suddenly frowning a little the youth jumped as he raised his head to roar at the distant sky.
Watching at his junior roaring Yao Lao showed a smile and didn"t stop him: people need pressure to mature. The current Xiao Yan has enough talent but what he needs is pressure to push him! Nalan Yanran"s decision was the best pressure possible.
"Let her be your stepping stone. In the road to become respected you still have a big distance left to finish!"
"Go let"s head back for practicing!"
Roaring several times the smile on Xian Yao"s face grew bigger. Soon he jumped off the boulder and waved at Yao Lao before beginning his descent from the mountain still smiling.


Chapter 27:Rushing 7 Duan Qi
Time was like water slipping through one"s finger quickly and mysteriously.
The scorching summer had been replaced with the cool fall and the light green branches had already showed hints of yellow.
The room was still neat and sunlight would still scatter through the windows.
There was a wood basin in the room where a young man was training. He had both of his eyes closed and both hands folded.
The training for the majority of the year had forced a hint of stubborness to appear on the young man"s delicate and smooth face. His tight lips showed how determined he was and his original white skin that was as white as a woman"s had become slightly yellow with the beatings in the past months. His small physique didn"t seem too muscular but had the burst potential like a jaguar.
Looking from every angle the young man was transforming at a terrifying speed and when this transformation was done he would shock everyone!
Under the smooth breathing of the young man strands of green airflow slowly lifted from the wood basin and followed the young man"s breath into his body.
.....
"I will get to 7 Duan Qi today!"
When he was training Xiao Yan suddenly had the thought pop into his head. Even though there was no proof to back the thought up it felt as if it was the word of god the truth.
In the previous month Xiao Yan had attempted to get to 7 Duan Qi quite a few times but every time failure would greet him.
Maybe it was because today"s training was basically the last drop to a full cup but finally Xiao Yan knew that he would get to 7 Duan Qi.
The sudden thought made Xiao Yan almost break his folded hands apart and exit from training. Thankfully Xiao Yan was able to suppress the thought and take an effort to calm down.
As his breath calmed Xiao Yan started to greedily absorb energy to break through 7 Duan Qi.
In the wooden basin the green elixir started emitting seven colored sparkles as countless strands evaporated and rushed into Xiao Yan"s body.
As the green airflows increased in number they not only covered Xiao Yan"s body but also hid the wooden basin within a layer of green mist.
Under Xiao Yan"s absorption of the energy the green liquid within the basin was paling considerably.
Because of the huge amount of energy that he absorbed Xiao Yan"s small face began to flush red but also glow hints of green.
Xiao Yan who was rushing 7 Duan Qi had undoubtedly become a huge huge magnet not only sucking energy from the surrounding air but also creating mini whirlpools within the wood basin.
In the first 9 Duan Qis 1 to 3 Duan Qi were considered low level 4 to 6 Duan Qi were middle level and 7 to 9 Duan Qi were high leveled.
The 7th Duan Qi was basically a gap between Duan Qis once one gets to 7 Duan Qi then they would have gotten to the high leveled Duan Qi and have a couple times as much Dou Qi compared to 6 Duan Qi. Therefore 7 Duan Qi was considered as the first lock to becoming a Dou Zhe.
With the green whirlpools the green liquid within the basin became lighter and lighter in color before changing to a bowl of clear water.
Without the energy from the Foundation Elixir the green aura around Xiao Yan"s face slackened and he could only absorb the energy in the air to complete his 7 Duan Qi.
Even though it was possible to use the energy in the air to break through 7 Duan Qi but it would take much longer and even if he does get to 7 Duan Qi he would need an entire month before he would find himself truly at the level of 7 Duan Qi.
But what Xiao Yan was missing the most was time!
When the Foundation Elixir finally gave out Xiao Yan"s black ring flickered and a jade green Foundation Elixir droplet fell into the basin. Suddenly the clear water turned back into a shade of dark green.
With the fresh Foundation Elixir"s energy Xiao Yan silently thanked Yao Lao and while keeping his hands folded controlled his breathing to crazily absorb the new energy.
After crazily absorbing energy for an entire hour Xiao Yan finally slowed down and at this point the dark green water had paled by a few shades!
Taking in the final strand of energy Xiao Yan body after a brief pause started shaking violently. His stomach pushed in while his eyes suddenly opened. Within the black pupils were hints of white and green. Finally opening his mouth Xiao Yan let out a breath of stale air...
After the stale breath left Xiao Yan he finally straightened.
With his eyes blankly staring forward Xiao Yan turned his neck to meet crisp bone cracking sounds. Then he curled his hand to feel a solid strength that brought a smile to Xiao Yan"s lips.
"Finally 7 Duan Qi..."
Closing his eyes Xiao Yan started to explore the abundant Dou Qi within his body....


Chapter 28:Strengthening "Vacuum Hand"
Xiao Yan lay in the wooden basin his body submerged in the cool Foundation Elixir absorbed in the feeling of firm strength that he had just acquired. Normal methods of getting to 7 Duan Qi required a period of rest and recovery. However Xiao Yan did not need it since he had the Foundation Elixir. He was already in peak condition.
After lying in the basin for a while until his excited emotions calmed Xiao Yan finally lazily got up. The attached water droplets sparkled joyously under the bright sunshine.
Taking a lazy stretch Xiao Yan"s bones gave crisp cracks as if they were brand new!
Carelessly turning his head Xiao Yan"s right hand locked onto his bed and pulled his clothes into his hand.
"Nice. My Dou Qi increased by quite a bit. I should be able to influence someone"s actions now right?" Xiao Yan muttered as he dressed himself.
"Unfortunately this "Vacuum Hand" doesn"t have any power when attacking. "Sucking Blood from One"s Enemy" applies only to people with weaker Dou Qi than me. For anyone with greater Dou Qi than me it"d be among the worst to use."
Contemplating the negative effects of "Vacuum Hand" Xiao Yan sighed in disappointment. However even if the technique was terrible it was the first Dou Technique that he had ever owned!
Just as he was about to step out of the basin a thought came to him. He pursed his lips.
Eyes gleaming Xiao Yan slowly curled his right hand into a fist and raised his arm so that his hand was about half a foot away from a flower vase. He stared intently at his hand and deliberately avoided looking at his target.
Xiao Yan"s Dou Qi burst from his palm without the guidance of Qi.
Licking his lips Xiao Yan"s Dou Qi burst out of his palm without any planned Qi Paths or pressure points....
To be able to externalize Dou Qi without the use of Qi Paths was something the Da Dou Shi could barely do. Xiao Yan"s attempt resulted in nothing more than a moderate gust of wind.
The air flowed from his palm and connected with the vase almost knocking it off the table.
Even though he failed to externalize the Dou Qi Xiao Yan"s face bore an expression of elation. He excitedly rubbed his hands together and quickly took a few steps back before raising his hand at the vase again.
"Vacuum Hand!" A small roar and a huge pulling force forced the flower vase to spiral towards Xiao Yan.
Right when the vase was about 3 feet away from Xiao Yan the pulling force on Xiao Yan"s hand disappeared and was replaced by Dou Qi rapidly trying to externalize on his palm. Suddenly a huge gust of wind blew against the approaching vase!
"Peng!"
The two counteracting forces met in mid air and the vase that was in the middle of the clash suddenly broke into countless ceramic pieces.
TL: Man Xiao Yan hates vases.
Seeing the results of his experimentation Xiao Yan"s small face was full of happy surprise. The combination of the pulling and pushing force caused a destruction far greater than he had imagined.
Even though Xiao Yan"s plentiful Dou Qi had almost been exhausted by that experiment Xiao Yan was still extremely excited. The pushing force was caused through a low level method which had a great consumption of Dou Qi with barely mediocre results. If he had a Dou Technique that was the opposite of Vacuum Hand then the two combined he was sure would have a great effect!
"Brat pretty good...To have thought up this method to strengthen Vacuum Hand." The black ring sparkling Yao Lao ghostly floated out and praised Xiao Yan while inspecting the ceramic fragments.
Xiao Yan smiled and his eyes quickly circled around Yao Lao. On Xiao Yan"s face was an expression of sadness and fawning.
"If there was a Dou Technique that would create a pushing effect and if you could train that Dou Technique to a high level then this Low Xuan level Vacuum Hand could have the power of a Middle to High Xuan Technique...." As if he didn"t see Xiao Yan"s fawning face Yao Lao muttered to himself.
"Teacher you know that non-attack oriented Dou Techniques are super rare. Getting the Vacuum Hand was pure luck and now where do you expect me to find a Dou Technique to compliment Vacuum Hand?" Xiao Yan tilted his head and said dejectedly.
u""Stop making that innocent face. I know that yore trying to get it from me!" Giving Xiao Yan an evil eye Yao Lao angrily said."
"It"s not like someone else didn"t think of what you just thought up but these two non-attack oriented Dou Techniques are extremely rare and therefore no one has been able to actually combine their effects."
"Even teacher doesn"t have something?" Hearing that Xiao Yan"s small faced darkened. He knew that without a set technique to produce a pushing force he would have to rely on his Dou Qi externalizing which was not a smart move.
Seeing Xiao Yan"s dispirited face Yao Lao smiled while massaging his forehead. After a while he said: "There was someone before that begged me for a pill. I think that I took a Dou Technique like Vacuum Hand as payment. If I didn"t have an already finished pill at that time I would not have traded with that person! Hmm this was pretty long ago if you didn"t remind me today then I probably would have really forgotten about it."
"Alright...I found it!" Moving his finger from his forehead Yao Lao placed his finger on Xiao Yan"s forehead.
With the finger a huge influx of information overwhelmed Xiao Yan and only after a while did Xiao Yan finally understand the new glob of information.
"Fire Palm: Low Xuan Level Able to create huge gusts!"
The simple explanation along with the uncreative name made this Low Xuan Level technique seem extremely shabby.
"The founder of this was a blacksmith who had been a blacksmith for his entire life. Because of the fire of the furnace after a couple decades he invented this technique..." Watching the tight faced Xiao Yan Yao Lao taunted.
Rolling his eyes Xiao Yan was quite impressed with the blacksmith. Creating a Dou Technique was no mean feat and definitely not something that an ordinary hammer wielding blacksmith could create.
Fire Palm wasn"t hard to learn and under Yao Lao"s help Xiao Yan only took two hours before having an introductory grasp on the basics of it.
Standing in his room Xiao Yan stared at the final flower vase in his room. Taking a deep breath and curling his hand he said: "Vacuum Hand!"
With the strong pull the flower vase quickly flew towards Xiao Yan.
Staring at the incoming vase Xiao Yan quickly stopped using Vacuum Hand and forced his Dou Qi to follow the Qi Paths of Fire Palm.
"Fire Palm!"
Right when the vase was about to hit Xiao Yan"s forehead a strong gust of wind emerged from Xiao Yan"s hand and suddenly the room was subjected to a wind on par with a hurricane!
"Peng!"
Another crisp sound of a vase breaking sounded but this time the vase was ground into a fine dust from the two opposing forces.
"Great...."
With white dust covering his whole body Xiao Yan quickly jumped out of the vase"s "explosion" ground zero. Watching the outcome of the vase light shone in Xiao Yan"s eyes. If he was able to master both of the skills and change them without pause then he could make unprepared people take a huge loss.
Patting off the white dust Xiao Yan knew that he had a new training task in the next three months.
Three months later will be his Coming of Age Ceremony.....
"Hehe a lot of people are probably hoping that I make a fool of myself at the Coming of Age Ceremony right?" In the scattered room a young and cold laugh sounded.


Chapter 29:An Important Day
The final three months had mostly passed and it was only a single month away from Xiao Yan"s coming of age ceremony.
Within the clean room Xiao Yan blankly stared at the green liquid inside the wood basin. What he was looking at was the last of the Foundation Elixir. At the final few stages of Duan Qi it was becoming incredibly difficult to raise his Duan Qi. Xiao Yan"s 7 Duan Qi hadn"t been rising by much for the past three months and the feeling of breaking through to 8 Duan Qi never came to Xiao Yan.
Staring at the basin like a fool for a while Xiao Yan finally pulled back his gaze while shaking his head: "Can I use this last Foundation Elixir to get to 8 Duan Qi?"
Slowly straightening his numb body Xiao Yan surprisingly didn"t start training. Instead he took out black clothes from his closet...
u"The month before the Coming of Age Ceremony all of the participants in the ceremony had to attend a test. The test was to eliminate those whose Dou Qi wasnthigh enough. Those that had more than 7 Duan Qi were allowed a chance to go into the Dou Qi Hall to find a Qi Method after completing their Coming of Age Ceremony. On the other hand those that were below 7 Duan Qi would lose that chance and be "exiled" to the clan"s property after the ceremony. Unless they show exceptional talent or bravery they would never get a chance to become part of the inner circle of the Xiao Clan..."
Right after he put on his clothes a light knock came from the door.
"Xiao Yan ge-ge are you there?"
Hearing a high girly voice Xiao Yan"s brows jumped while he quickly buttoned his clothes before hiding the wood basin in a overlooked corner. After checking that all was fine he slowly waltzed to the door and opened the door.
When the door opened warm sunshine flew onto him and Xiao Yan with the black clothing seemed especially spirited.
Outside of the door a young girl wearing a light and refreshing green robe with a purple cloth belt was patiently waiting for Xiao Yan...
Watching the girl outside of his door Xiao Yan was shocked for quite a while before recovering and said: "This early I thought it was a goddess that came down but taking a closer look it was Xun Er!"
Hearing Xiao Yan taunting praise Xun Er"s agile eyes blinked and her small mouth curved into a smile. However from her brows that were almost in the shape of a crescent moon one could tell the happiness she felt.
With a hint of happiness in her eyes Xun Er raised her delicate chin and started examining the young man in front of her.
After a year"s worth of training Xiao Yan had grown out of his naivety and instead on his delicate and well-figured face were a few hints of manly charm. After a long period of beat receiving training his overall body tone was full of muscles and even though he was covered by a black shirt his figure seemed rippling with energy.
Walking out of the room and closing the door Xiao Yan finally saw the dumbstruck Xun Er that wasn"t even blinking as she stared at him. Confused Xiao Yan took a look of himself and asked: "Is there anything wrong with me?"
Her beautiful face blushing Xun Er quickly moved her sight away and smiled: "Let"s go Xiao Yan ge-ge. Today"s the pre-test for the Coming of Age Ceremony are you ready?"
Narrowing his eyes Xiao Yan shrugged his shoulders while his lips went up with a stubborn pride. His hands slowly curled into fists as he said: "The title of cripple I"ll return it to those that gave it to me today!"
Watching the confident Xiao Yan Xun Er also nodded her head: "I believe in Xiao Yan ge-ge!"
u""Of course you believe in me; you"ve probably determined what Duan Qi Im at already." Xiao Yan gave her a white eye and helplessly said."
Watching the depressed Xiao Yan Xun Er slightly nodded her head but quickly responded: "Getting to 7 Duan Qi from 3 Duan Qi in less than a year. Xiao Yan ge-ge"s talent even Xun Er"s talent is far inferior to yours..."
"Alright let"s go!"
Xiao Yan touched his nose and affectionately tapped Xun Er"s head. Then he quickly starting taking huge strides to the clan"s training field.
Watching the completely different backline of Xiao Yan without the sadness and loneliness from the past Xun er smiled and muttered: "Xiao Yan ge-ge Xun Er knew that you would take back your respect and honor..."
.....
On the green rocked training field at least a hundred boys and girls were waiting there. Their chatter was like a low roar that spread quite far.
At the middle of the training field was a huge black monument which was a testing monument that only clans with quite a bit of power could own because of its high price. Next to the black monument was the same impassive tester from 1 year ago.
On an elevated platform to the left of the training field were the clan"s more prominent members. At the middle of the platform was the clan leader Xiao Zhan surrounded by the three elders.
Inside the field the about to be tested examineeswere all standing. Those that performed quite highly before didn"t show much stress on their faces while those that didn"t have much talent had tense and scared faces.
Xiao Zhan examined the people in the training field with a dark face and sighed inwardly. Yan Er can you pass this test?
"Clan leader it"s almost time! Why isn"t Xiao Yan here yet?" The second elder furrowed his brows and asked.
Xiao Zhan gave him a sideways glance and said: "It"s not time yet why be in such a hurry? The second elder I know isn"t such a hasty person."
With the rebuttal from Xiao Zhan the second elder"s face was somewhat ugly when he coldly retorted: "Even if you gave him that Foundation Elixir he can"t possibly get to 7 Duan Qi in one month! You should stop hoping for some miracle."
Hearing that Xiao Zhan"s face flashed with anger. He was also worrying about that and the second elder hit his soft spot. But right when he was about respond to the second elder"s barebone words a slight disturbance occurred in examineesin the training field.
Looking towards the disturbance Xiao Zhan saw two shadows slowly coming over from the end of the path leading to the training field. Their steps weren"t hurried as if they were unaffected by today"s test.
Narrowing his eyes to get a better sight of the black clothed young man"s light smile Xiao Zhan didn"t know why but he felt much much better all of a sudden....


Chapter 30:The one who humiliates gets humiliated in the end
Watching the Xiao Yan who was coming with Xun Er the young men in the training field showed a face full of envy and disdain. In the entire Xiao Clan the only one who was close to Xun Er was the famous cripple!
At the edge of the field and surrounded by a huge number of peers Xiao Ning stared at Xiao Yan with anger emanating from his eyes.
"Little bastard after today let"s see if you have enough face to be with Xun Er." With a low curse Xiao Ning smiled thinking about the misfortune about to befall Xiao Yan.
Ignoring the gazes of envy and anger Xiao Yan brought Xun Er to the back of the line and started chatting.
Watching the relaxed Xiao Yan the people on the platform were all surprising thinking that maybe Xiao Yan didn"t know how this test would change his future...
"Hehe he knows he"s going to fail." The second elder teased.
The second elder was expecting Xiao Zhan to rage against him but after waiting for quite a while Xiao Zhan didn"t say anything. In shock the second elder tilted his head to look at Xiao Zhan.
"Second elder instead of predictions you should look at the results. Or else when the time comes you"d be throwing away face..." Xiao Zhan gave a deep glance at Xiao Yan who was relaxing under the sun.
His mouth twitching the second elder retorted: "Hope so. I"m also hoping that he can bring me some surprises."
"Alright it"s time. Let"s start!" The first elder cut both of them off and started the test.
Xiao Zhan nodded while standing up.Taking a look at the silent training field he roared: "You are all new blood of the Xiao Clan and should know the importance of this test. From the test if you"re above 7 Duan Qi then you"ve made it. However if you didn"t make it you can challenge someone that"s about 7 Duan Qi according to the rules. If you win you will also make it!"
"Alright now that everyone knows the rules let"s start the test!"
With Xiao Zhan"s low roar the trainees all began to tense up.
Besides the black monument the impassive operator stepped up and took out a heavy pamphlet that had all of the names. His cold voice made him seem like the devil to people called out by him.
Cross legged sitting on the clean and smooth ground. Xiao Yan calmly watched those whose Dou Qi didn"t make the requirement and were crying. Coldly pursing his lips he didn"t feel any pity for them; he knew from first hand experience that they loved to pick on those that had lower Dou Qi than them in particular the "cripple" that was once a genius.
When they were insulting clansmen that were of lower Dou Qi than themselves they probably never thought that this day would come.
The one who humiliates gets humiliated in the end.
Xun Er sitting next to Xiao Yan also was impassive. Like a lotus that wouldn"t be affected by the mud around it she slowly twirled her head while sneaking peeks at Xiao Yan.
"Xiao Mei!"
The operator"s cold voice brought a jump to Xiao Yan brows and his closed eyelids slowly went up.
Xun Er who was intently watching Xiao Yan from the side curled her nose as she saw Xiao Yan"s actions.
Hmm she used to be quite close to Xiao Yan ge-ge.... While narrowing her eyes Xun Er stared at the red clothed girl walking up.
Soon Xun Er blinked and tilted her head to look at Xiao Yan"s curved smile saying: "I"m quite curious about what kind of attitude she"ll have towards Xiao Yan ge-ge after today."
Xiao Yan shrugged his shoulders and whispered back:"Some things once destroyed will always be destroyed. No matter how much it"s repaired there will always be an obvious crack. In this clan there aren"t many people that I approve of..."
"Does Xun Er count?" Xun Er"s red mouth made a mischievous smile as she asked Xiao Yan.
Taking a strand of Xun Er"s hair and gently slipping it through his finger Xiao Yan answered: "Of course!"
Her large eyes curved into beautiful crescent moons while her actual gaze fell upon a blank space. The sight of her was entrancing...
Back when we were still small he would sneak into my room and try to help me improve my body. Even though it was such a stupid method that looking back on it I can"t believe that he would have thought it up he still continued it for 2 years...
A smile appeared on her delicate face bringing out two cute dimples. Turning her head Xun Er thought: In this entire clan there aren"t many people that Xun Er approves of either only you...
From afar Xiao Ning felt his face twitching when he say the close conversation between Xiao Yan and Xun Er. Jealousy raged in his heart while he resisted the urge to go over there and destroy "perfect" scene.
"Dou Zi Li: 8 Duan!"
TL: Dou Zi Li Dou Qi and Dou Zi Qi are all the same thing - Dou Qi
On the black monument a bright light was emitted as those words were displayed on it.
"Xiao Mei: Dou Zi Li 8 Duan High level!" Taking a glance at the black monument the impassive operator slightly nodded while calling out her score.
Hearing the operator"s voice Xiao Mei let out a breath as her face became filled with pride. To go from 7 Duan Qi to 8 Duan Qi in just one year was an accomplishment that would net her among the top 5 in her generation. With such an impressive result it was no wonder that she would be so excited.
The operator"s voice led a huge disturbance within within the training fields as glances of envy and jealousy fell towards Xiao Mei.
"To raise 1 Duan Qi in 1 year barely decent..." Touching his nose Xiao Yan calmly evaluated.
"Yup." Xun Er played with her hair as she carelessly glanced over Xiao Mei who was surrounded by her friends like a princess.
But after Xiao Mei out of the dozen or so people only one person got to 7 Duan Qi. The rest were all eliminated.
"Xiao Xun Er!"
The impassive operator surprisingly had a bit of emotion when he called this name.
Everyone"s gaze fell upon Xun Er who was sitting next to Xiao Yan as they heard that name.
"Xiao Yan ge-ge don"t be too surprised later..." Standing up Xun Er bent down to mischievously smile at Xiao Yan.
His brows twitching Xiao Yan watched the beautiful backline of Xun Er as he muttered: "Did she become a Dou Zhe?"


Chapter 31:One Star Dou Zhe
Looking at the green-clothed girl firmly walking forward the training field became silent as blazing gazes focused upon her figure.From the high platform all high class clan members stopped their chatter as they also focused on the pearl of Xiao clan.
Xiao Zhan together with the 3 elders all had a serious face with a hint of curiosity. They really want to know what stage the number one person of the younger generation in Xiao Clan has achieved after one year of training.
.....
Here all eyes zoomed intensively downwards at the girl who is walking towards the stone monument at a pace that was neither slow nor fast. She raised her small hand revealing her snow-white skin as the sleeve is pulled back.
As her precious hand softly touched the stone monument Xun Er gradually closes her eyes as her inner Dou Qi quickly strengthened.
Accepting the incoming Dou Qi the ever silent monument shined out bright rays of light.
One Star Dou Zhe!
Looking at these four giant words shinning on the stone monument in the center of the training ground for a moment everybody was silenced then as if awakening they all burst into cheers.
"Miss Xun Er One Star Dou Zhe!"
Being surprised by the four shining yellow letters the operator couldn"t help but shake his head.
"Haha... 15 years old Dou Zhe... she truly is..."
Listening to the announcement of the examiner Xiao Zhan took a light breath but his last words became mumbled.
The 3 elders lightly nodded as their faces showed their surprise. Although there was still a slight difference with Xiao Yan"s achievement of becoming a Dou Zhe when he was 12 years old this training speed of hers can be considered monstrous.
In the middle of the training ground Xiao Mei who had just been admired by everyone was also dizzied by the four shining words on the stone pillar. Staring at the monument she felt a sense of helplessness. Only 15 years old to become a One Star Dou Zhe that achievement blinded her who didn"t expected that prowess from Xun Er.
At the end of the crowd Xiao Yan nervously pursed his lips. He didn"t expect Xun Er to enter the Dou Zhe zone and also reach one star a whole tier above someone who just compressed his or her Qi cyclone. This speed of training can even be compared to him who"s using Foundation Elixir to boost his training speed.
Xun Er ignored the other people and furrowed her brow disapprovingly as if she didn"t like the attention. Then she walked back into the crowd and noticing Xiao Yan"s surprise she smiled playfully.
"Don"t be so proud! With your talent this achievement is within my expectation. If you didn"t reach Dou Zhe level then I would be quite surprised." Xiao Yan shrugged and joked.
Hearing that Xun Er"s little face became sorrowful for a moment glancing at him.
Pulling Xun Er to sit down on the mat Xiao Yan looked bored as he observed other clan members continuing the examinations.
Honestly speaking to train one"s Dou Qi to 7 Duan Qi before the age of 15 required decent talent to succeed. However those with decent talent aren"t as plentiful as one may think and even within the entire Xiao Clan only 2 to 3 tenths people make it.
As time passed more and more people were deemed unqualified dulling the atmosphere of the training field. Those that didn"t pass showed a long face when they were rejected but when they saw others also not pass a slight smile would creep onto their faces.
Sitting on the ground Xiao Yan continued to observe the examination; over a hundred of examinee but only two people were like Xiao Mei and got 8 Duan Qi and nobody achieved 9 Duan Qi let alone becoming a Dou Zhe of course it"s with Xun Er excluded.
On the field the number of examinees slowly dwindled and finally there were only Xiao Yan and several people left.
Soon a bleak young examinee stood up and went up even though he knew that he had no chance of qualifying.
For the last dozen or so examinees everybody knew that these people were at the bottom of the clan and if not for fair examinations it was probably that these people would have been disqualified without ever testing.
"Xiao Yan!"
Standing next to the stone pillar below the operator announced the name with difficulty.
"Xiao Yan-ge ge it"s your turn..." Xun Er said gently her soft small hands lightly holding Xiao Yan"s hand.
Slightly raising his head Xiao Yan opened his eyes and scanned the training field. He couldn"t help but snicker when he saw the gazes filled with expectations of his failure!
Slowly standing up Xiao Yan turned his head toward the high platform and grinned at Xiao Zhan.
Looking at his son coming forward while smiling toward him Xiao Zhan cheerfully nodded his head while one hand brought a teacup forward and smoothly laid back on his chair.
Silently inhaling Xiao Yan confidently walked toward the stone pillar; his eyes shined a strange light that made the laughing clan members widen their eyes.
Under complex gazes Xiao Yan finally got to the black monument.
Looking at the black-clothed youth in front of him the examiner sighed internally. That year when Xiao Yan created a miracle he was the first one to witness it but he was also the witness of the sad steps of the genius 3 years after that bright shine. If today"s miracle doesn"t happen this would also be the last time this youth gets examined.
On the training ground the intense gazes focused on Xiao Yan whose chest slowly rose as he brought his hand forward and rested it upon the cold hard stone pillar.
At this moment everybody focused their gaze upon the monument. They all knew that this was the last time they would ever see the genius who once shocked all of Wu Tan City in a Dou Qi examination.
The stone monument went silent for a moment before bright light blazed out!
Upon the stone monument were bright yellow words making all the hearts in the field stop for a moment.
"Dou Zi Li...7 Duan!"


Chapter 32:Challenge
Silence a death-like silence!
Everyone in the field looked at the monument"s 5 words in shock. Their facial expressions were colorful and soon countless deep breaths resonated throughout the field!
"Kacha!"
On the high platform Xiao Zhan"s jade cup was crushed to dust as a mix of dust and tea trickled down his hand.
"7 Duan... Yan Er you.... you really did it!" Xiao Zhan"s eyes moistened as he watched the young man under the black monument. He knew that in order to get to 7 Duan Qi Xiao Yan must have made an incredible effort.
The three elders next to Xiao Zhan had faces full of incredulity. To have gone from 3 Duan Qi just a year ago to 7 Duan? This speed...impossible!
"Hehe...Clan leader"s Foundation Elixir.... is is pretty good hehe." The second elder swallowed dryly and combined his shock with his not yet gone taunt from before to make a ridiculous expression.
Xiao Zhan didn"t hide his excitement when he said: "Second elder do you really believe that a second tier Foundation Elixir has such a strong effect?"
The second elder paused before shaking his head. He was no idiot and knew that even though the Foundation Elixir could raise one"s training speed it was physically impossible to raise 4 Duan Qi within a year!
....
Next to the black monument the operator blankly stared at the words on the monument as his impassive face was now full of shock.
"Xiao Yan: Dou Zi Qi 7 Duan High level!"
Taking a deep breath to calm his shock the operator tried hard to keep his voice calm but a couple of tremors could still be heard.
Hearing the operator"s announcement the originally silent field had gone deathly quiet. No one even rustled their clothing or fidgeted.
In the crowd Xiao Mei covered her red mouth as her face was frozen in a moment of incredible shock.
To raise 4 Duan Qi in a year was like a myth only heard of in legends! This was a speed that even the Xiao Yan three years ago at his peak could not have done!
But this mythical speed coming from a "cripple" was displayed in front of their eyes!
With complex emotions Xiao Mei stared at the young man next to the black monument while a thought popped up in her head: His incredible talent seems to have come back!
At the edge of the training field Xiao Ning who was ready to insult Xiao Yan was also blankly staring at the monument while whispering: "This... How is this possible?"
....
Looking up to the golden words on the monument Xiao Yan let out a light breath. Taking in the complex gazes around made him recall the glory that he had gone through three years ago.
Now that his training talent had come back he had also gained a mature mind and stubborn persistence.
Taking a deep look at the monument that had determined his fate not once not twice by thrice Xiao Yan made a slight smile. His calm and passive demeanor was a sharp contrast from his gleeful attitude three years ago.
Taking a small breath Xiao Yan walked down under the penetrating gaze of everyone and sat down next to Xun Er.
Even though Xiao Yan had left the monument the entire field was still silent.
"Ahem..." On the high platform Xiao Zhan happily stood up and coughed to gather the attention of everyone in the field.
"The examination has finished. Next up those that did not make have the chance to challenge someone who has already passed. Remember there"s only one chance!" Xiao Zhan said with a smile.
Hearing that the training field became disorderly. Those that only missed the cut off by a bit sent their hot gazes towards those that made it.
Watching the challenging gazes the clansmen that made the cut would raise their heads in disdain. There was a huge gap between 6 Duan Qi and 7 Duan Qi and without any special occurrences someone who"s 6 Duan Qi couldn"t even touch someone who"s 7 Duan Qi.
The 6 Duan Qi people knew this very well but this was their last chance to stay in the inner circles of the clan. They would have to try and hope for a miracle.
With Xiao Zhan"s words the atmosphere in the training field took a weird turn. Intense gazes swept across those that made the cut and silently chose the weakest opponent.
Sitting on the ground Xiao Yan suddenly opened his eyes in surprise. A majority of the gazes were directed at him.
"Do I look like someone who can be beat so easily?" After a brief period of shock Xiao Yan laughed on the inside.
u""Xiao Yan ge-ge jumped 4 Duan Qi in one year. Even though its shocking its so shocking that many people don"t believe it. Therefore they would think that Xiao Yan is the easiest opponent." Beside him Xun Er explained."
Carelessly shrugging his shoulders Xiao Yan patted the dust off of his robe while saying: "They can choose to not believe it but they will know..."
Xun Er gave a smile and nodded.
Finally after a brief period of calm someone couldn"t stand it and stood up.
A well built young man under everyone"s gaze quickly walked in front of Xiao Yan and loudly said: "Xiao Yan biao-di please!"
Even though the young man was respectful Xiao Yan who was across from him could see hints of disbelief flash through his eyes. In addition his face showed an arrogant disdain. Looks like he hasn"t recovered from Xiao Yan former name of being a "cripple".


Chapter 33:Proof
Watching the quick challenger the other unqualified clansmen let out a sigh of regret. It seemed like they were all envious of the well built young man in front of Xiao Yan!
Xiao Yan narrowed his eyes as he examined the young man. Even though he didn"t know all of the clansmen in the clan he had quite an impression of the young man in front of him.
If his memory served him the young man was called Xiao Ke and was a supporter of the first elder. Normally he"d follow behind Xiao Ning like a small henchman and when Xiao Yan fell from "genius" Xiao Ke never showed him any kindness and instead trampled over Xiao Yan"s dignity.
Recalling old memories Xiao Yan"s mouth curved to a dangerous angle.
Turning to look at the smiling Xun Er Xiao Yan smiled while nodding saying: "Alright I accept."
Seeing how easily Xiao Yan answered Xiao Ke"s eyebrows twitched and a sense of fear snuck into his heart. Drily swallowing Xiao Ke started to regret his recklessness.
Even though he was somewhat regretful Xiao Ke couldn"t back down and had to continue through.
No way to raise 4 Duan Qi in one year is impossible. This guy must have used some method to fool everyone! I can definitely beat him! After wordlessly encouraging himself Xiao Ke smiled: "Then I"ll see how strong Xiao Yan biao-di is!"
Xiao Yan smiled and didn"t say anything. Standing up he walked to the center of the training field and motioned for Xiao Ke to follow him.
Watching the calm Xiao Yan Xiao Ke"s heart skipped a beat and he no longer felt so sure. Forcefully smiling he walked with stiff strides into the field.
With the two people in the field even the calculating gazes from the people who did not pass quickly moved onto the two in the field.
On the high platform Xiao Zhan took a handkerchief that was brought up to him and cleaned his hand of residue tea while intently staring at the training field with a sense of tension in his eyes.
To be honest no only did the younger generation have doubt about Xiao Yan"s achievements Xiao Zhan himself couldn"t completely believe it either. This wasn"t because of his lack of trust in Xiao Yan but rather because of how impossible of a feat it was to raise 4 Duan Qi in just 1 year. It was inhuman. Even the Xiao Yan four years ago couldn"t hope to achieve it.
Because of how incredible the achievement was nobody could believe what they were saying.
But no matter if it was fake or real no matter if the others believed it or not once Xiao Yan fought his real strength would be exposed. At that time everyone would have their thoughts confirmed or disproved!
Besides Xiao Zhan the three elders" breathing intensified as their hands gripped deep hand marks on their respective chairs and their muddled eyes stared at the training field.
In the green rocked training field everyone"s vision was glued to the two within the training field. Once Xiao Yan fought with Xiao Ke everything would be clear!
"It"s definitely fake!" At the edge of the training field Xiao Ning licked his dry lips and angrily whispered.
"It should be...fake right?" Within the crowd Xiao Mei bit her lip. She couldn"t believe that the young man that had been crippled three years would have such an monstrous achievement.
Under stare after stare Xiao Yan and Xiao Ke in the training field had already finished their perfunctory ritual gestures and were about to fight!
Both of Xiao Ke"s hands were tilted upwards as light Dou Qi started swirling around around his hands. Taking a deep breath Xiao Ke stomped heavily on the ground and started to ram towards Xiao Yan.
Low level fights didn"t have any complex gestures and were composed of the simplest attacks.
"Splitting Mountain Hand!"
Quickly nearing Xiao Yan Xiao Ke"s right hand quickly gathered Dou Qi as it swept over to Xiao Yan"s chest.
Splitting Mountain Hand a middle Huang Dou Technique that was only available to clan members 5 Duan Qi and higher.
With the gust incoming the lagging hair on Xiao Yan"s face blew away as a pair of dark eyes were revealed. Blinking Xiao Yan narrowed his eyes watching the ever nearer hand.
When the hand finally reached Xiao Yan"s shoulder Xiao Yan smoothly took a step to the left. With a year"s worth of body training Xiao Yan"s reactions were incredibly quick.
With only 1 step Xiao Yan avoided Xiao Ke"s attack. At the same time Xiao Yan lightly twisted his body as his hand reached through Xiao Ke"s arm and went to Xiao K"e shoulder as if he was picking a leaf from a tree.
"Shatter Rock Hand!"
Shatter Rock Hand a low Huang Level Dou Technique that only required 3 Duan Qi to learn!
"Peng!" A dull sound occurred as Xiao Yan"s hand landed firmly on Xiao Ke"s shoulder causing Xiao Ke"s flush red face to pale. With a low grunt he slowly scatter stepped backwards before finally losing strength in his legs and fell to the ground like a turtle.
The whole field was silent. Xiao Ke"s defeat proved many things.
Defeating his opponent in one attack Xiao Yan shaked his head bored. This kind of opponent wasn"t even a challenge for Xiao Yan. Not mentioning Octane Blast Xiao Yan hadn"t even used half of his strength yet.
Of course contrary to Xiao Yan"s bored feeling everyone within the field was shocked. Many of them slowly closed their eyes because Xiao Yan had to be at least 7 Duan Qi to have easily beat Xiao Ke who was a 6 Duan Qi.
Thinking about that Xiao Yan"s previous monstrous performance was proved... to be true!
To raise 4 Duan Qi in just 1 year his result was a miracle within a miracle.
On the high platform. Xiao Zhan let out a deep breath as a weight was lifted from his heart.
"....It"s true 7 Duan Qi..."
Watching the defeated Xiao Ke Xiao Mei"s small hand covered her red lips as she couldn"t help but gasp.


Chapter 34:Turning Around
Watching the black clothed young man with his hands behind his back the whole field was quiet again.
On the high platform Xiao Zhan"s smile slowly widened before finally he couldn"t help but laugh out loud.
Hearing the gleeful laughter from Xiao Zhan the three elders looked at each other and sighed. However they didn"t try to do anything else against Xiao Yan. The potential displayed by Xiao Yan gave them a sense of defeat. 4 Duan Qi in 1 year was something that would make anyone shocked their sons and grandsons wouldn"t hope to ever have that pace.
With a light heart Xiao Zhan clapped while announcing: "Xiao Ke zhi-er has lost. Hopefully you will continue to train hard!"
TL: Zhi-er is Nephew in Chinese
In the training field the pale faced Xiao Ke heard the announcement and drooped his head in disappointment. Taking a look at the black clothed young man not far from him he recalled about how he had insulted the very person calling him a "cripple" just a year ago. Now one year later the "cripple" was quite close to the top of the clan and far above him. This extreme difference made Xiao Ke recall the words he had heard in the hall just a few months before: " Thirty years east thirty years west don"t you dare bully me because I"m poor now!"
Shaking his head with a bitter smile Xiao Ke got up with some difficulty. Slightly bowing to Xiao Yan Xiao Ke"s voice had lost all of its arrogance from before: "Xiao Yan Biao-di you won. Congratulations on your recovery!"
Nodding Xiao Yan"s gaze slowly swept across the training field and those that met his dark pupils all turned away their gaze with nervousness and unease.
His gaze pausing on Xiao Mei who was staring at him Xiao Yan twisted his face to face the clansmen that didn"t pass and asked with a smile: "Is there anyone else whowould like to challenge me?"
Watching Xiao Yan the clansmen that were eager to challenge Xiao Yan before Xiao Ke went up all closed their mouths and looked up at the sky as if Xiao Yan"s words had nothing to do with them. None of them would go up and be the second challenger.
Watching the childish acts of pretending to be a fool Xiao Yan lightly shrugged and walked back.
Seeing Xiao Yan sit beside her Xun Er smiled while examining the field. Picking up a strand of her hair and twirling it she whispered: "Xiao Yan ge-ge three years ago they looked at you like this..."
"Three years ago I would have been excited by their respectful and fearful gazes but today... I don"t feel anything." Xiao Yan touched his nose and laughed.
"Then Xiao Yan ge-ge has matured!" Xun Er playfully blinked her eyes.
"Not more mature than you. Sometimes I feel as if there"s a thousand year monster hiding within you!" Being called mature by a girl Xiao Yan couldn"t help but laugh. Intimately rubbing Xun Er"s head he let out a smile.
Hearing that Xun Er gave Xiao Yan an evil eye and her delicate face showed an expression of rebuke. No matter how carefree a girl was no one ever liked being called an old monster.
Xun Er"s expression of rebuke was so pretty that it attracted the stares of the young men around her and even the stares of some of the girls!
"That brat too pompous..." Xiao Ning like the others was also attracted to Xun Er"s expression of rebuke but looking at the intimate chatter between Xun Er and Xiao Yan an envious flame burned within him. His jealousy covered up his reasoning as he thought that only he could match Xun Er within the entire clan but thinking back he realized that no matter what he did Xun Er rarely smiled. On the other hand Xiao Yan who was a "cripple" could always make Xun Er laugh. The difference between them made Xiao Ning crush his teeth in anger.
"Brat I"ll let you be arrogant for now but when the Coming of Age Ceremony comes I will make you look for your fallen teeth in front of Xun Er!" Clenching his hands into fits Xiao Ning gave a cold stare to the cross-legged Xiao Yan.
u"Even though Xiao Ning was also shocked by Xiao Yan"s training speed in the past year he couldn"t change his haughty manner that he was used to. In addition Xiao Ning being the only male within the entire clan that could barely be compared to Xun Er felt a sense of danger from Xiao Yans sudden performance."
Before he grows strong I"ll give him a merciless beating. The best case scenario is that the beating would leave a scar and break him from his training!
While thinking his evil thoughts the corners of Xiao Ning"s mouth curved into a smile. Even though Xiao Yan was at 7 Duan Qi Xiao Ning was still confident in his 8 Duan Qi. After all each Duan of Qi after 7 Duan Qi had a huge difference between them!
Chatting in a low voice with Xun Er Xiao Yan"s aimlessly sight gazed around the sides of the training field and caught the smile on Xiao Ning"s face. Thinking for a moment Xiao Yan realized what the smile was about and smiled himself thinking: Someone who can"t even cover up his or her emotions can"t pose to be a risk at all.
....
After Xiao Ke lost to Xiao Yan no one else dared to challenge Xiao Yan who was sitting down and those clansmen that didn"t qualify set their sights on others. But after a couple rounds of challenges only two people relying on luck and familiar Dou Techniques were able to beat their opponent and qualify for the Coming of Age Ceremony.
Watching the slowly calming training field the smiling Xiao Zhan stood up and announced the results along with a couple of notices about next month"s Coming of Age Ceremony.
Slowly standing up Xiao Yan smiled towards the happy Xiao Zhan on the stage while Xiao Zhan wasn"t stingy about giving his qualified son a thumbs up.
Right after dusting off his clothes Xiao Yan detected a perfumed scent.
Curling his brows slightly Xiao Yan lifted his head to see Xiao Mei standing in front of him and asked: "Do you need anything?"
Seeing the impassiveness and coldness on Xiao Yan"s face Xiao Mei"s courage faltered as she forced out a smiled and said: "Xiao Yan biao-di congratulations."
"Thanks." Slightly nodding Xiao Yan glanced at Xun Er besides him.
"Xiao Yan biao-di my father will be personally teaching a High Huang level Dou Technique at the Dou Technique Hall tomorrow. Do you want to come with me?" Xiao Mei smiled and her combination of a female"s charm and a youth"s delicacy created an irresistible question.
Hearing that Xiao Yan"s brows slightly jumped.
Right when Xiao Yan was about to find an excuse to reject Xiao Mei a pale white arm slipped through and locked with his arm.
Shocked Xiao Yan turned around to find a smiling Xun Er.
"Really sorry Xiao Mei biao-jie Xun Er has already invited Xiao Yan ge-ge to accompany me tomorrow to visit Wu Tan City and so he can"t be going with Xiao Mei biao-jie to the Dou Technique Hall." Under stunned stares Xun Er held on to Xiao Yan"s arm while a hint of apology lingered on her delicate face.


Chapter 35:Guilt
Hearing Xun Er"s words Xiao Mei paused and weighed her thoughts carefully. If it was any other girl within the clan Xiao Mei was confident that she could come out on top based on her beauty and talent but towards Xun Er Xiao Mei could only admit defeat.
Seeing that Xiao Yan"s face was impassive Xiao Mei gave a self deprecating smile and could only leave in defeat.
The crowd within the training field stared at Xiao Yan who was being leaned on by Xun Er and they all felt twinges of jealousy. When had Xun Er being the brightest pearl of the entire clan been so close with another male?
Watching Xiao Mei awkwardly walking away Xiao Yan was stunned and turning his head to see the smiling Xun Er he taunted: "Girl what are you doing?"
Xun Er still hung onto Xiao Yan"s arm as she glanced over at the staring crowd and innocently said: "Wasn"t Xiao Yan ge-ge about to reject her anyways?"
Hearing that Xiao Yan rolled his eyes - the excuse he had in mind was completely different from what Xun Er implied with her excuse. Remembering the awkward expression on Xiao Mei"s face Xiao Yan helplessly shook his head while thinking: Did Xun Er do that on purpose?
"It"s just that Xun Er doesn"t like how fast she changed. Haha going to Dou Technique Hall to learn a Dou Technique together... she never invited you in the past three years." Xun Er dragged Xiao Yan out of the training field slowly as she ignored the gazes around her. At the same time she muttered words that only Xiao Yan could hear looks like she really didn"t like how quickly Xiao Mei changed.
Lightly shrugging Xiao Yan agreed with Xun Er with a bitter smile. Three years ago Xiao Mei was quite close to him but when Xiao Yan received the title of "cripple" he was able to see how "realistic" Xiao Mei was.
Watching Xiao Yan and Xun Er leave the field Xiao Ning"s face twitched while his hands clenched so hard that bone cracking sounds could be heard. His jealousy even made his eyes slightly red.
"Brat one month from now I"ll break all of your teeth!" Xiao Ning spat the words out as he angrily left the training field.
On the high platform Xiao Zhan was about to leave when he saw the scene and intently stared at Xun Er and Xiao Yan while a hint of worry flashed across his eyes. Yan Er he... does he like Xun Er? Xun Er"s background... not even Nalan Yanran can compare to her. Even with genius level talent it would be extremely difficult to be approved of by the power behind her.
After thinking for a while Xiao Zhan let out a sigh as he slowly left.
....
While walking Xiao Yan would suddenly blank out as he recalled what had just happened.
Turning a corner Xun Er suddenly let go of Xiao Yan"s arm with a red face. Pushing out her cheeks she stared at Xiao Yan accusingly.
Losing the momentum that was dragging him forward Xiao Yan felt at a loss as to what to do and even sighed for no reason. His eyes moved to Xun Er as he thought about what Xun Er implied.
Feeling the blank stare of Xiao Yan Xun Er small face flushed red as her hands instinctively raised up and she said: "Xiao Yan ge-ge you..."
"Ahem...ahem..." Waking up from his stupor Xiao Yan violently coughed while his face became an unhealthy red and he thought: When did I go so low to think that towards my own sister?
Even though Xun Er and Xiao Yan didn"t have an actual blood relationship they both lived with each other for over a decade and their relationship wasn"t much worse than that of a blood brother or sister. It wasn"t surprising that Xiao Yan had already thought of Xun Er as his little sister and feltguilt andrepulsion towards himself when he realized what he was thinking about...
With that sudden realization the atmosphere became quite awkward.
Xun Er lowered her head and her usual elegance had been replaced with a girl"s embarrassment. Occasionally she tilted her gaze to peek at the side of Xiao Yan"s face who was looking straight forward.
Under the awkward atmosphere the not very long path felt like a great conquest that took forever to get to the end.
Of course despite how long the conquest felt like it had an end where the path split in two directions. At here Xiao Yan softly said bye and started fleeing.
"Xiao Yan ge-ge."
Watching the panicked Xiao Yan Xun Er was stunned by the sight before she called out.
"Huh?" Stopping Xiao Yan looked back to see Xun Er standing beneath a willow and his heart started beating quickly again.
Xun Er had a green robe with a purple belt that fluttered in the wind. Sheand the willow behind her made a picture that didn"t seem earthly.
"Tomorrow... will you accompany Xun Er?"
Under the branches of the willow the girl"s delicate face had a red flush as her jade teeth bit her pink lips. A pair of beautiful eyes were watching Xiao Yan with a hint of anticipation...


Chapter 36:The Comical Breakthrough
It was hard to believe that the elegant Xun Er would speak such girly words; her charm made Xiao Yan"s mind wander again...
Silently criticizing himself again Xiao Yan replied in a muffled tone. Afterwards he fled while being under the smiling gaze of Xun Er.
Watching the leaving Xiao Yan Xun Er covered her mouth while laughing. Then she furrowed her brows and went to a pond not too far away.
The reflection in the pond showed a pretty face with bright eyes and white teeth. With each of her gestures there was an inexplicable charm that drew one in.
"So pretty...." Doing a twirl a satisfied smile appeared on Xun Er"s lips.
Not far away a couple of young men that had just returned to the clan after adventures outside stopped with their mouths wide open. Their eyes showed their surprise while they foolishly watched the girl under the willow.
.....
Shrinking back to his room Xiao Yan let out a big breath as he closed the door. Wiping off the cold sweat on his forehead he bitterly smiled: This girl when she grows up she is probably going to be even prettier than Ya Fei at the auction...
Sitting down at his table Xiao Yan gulped out a mouthful of tea while his mind was still full of Xun Er. Remembering how pretty Xun Er"s eyes were Xiao Yan suddenly felt a burning in his heart.
Shaking his head Xiao Yan cursed bastard towards himself and finally calmed down.
Swinging his sore arms Xiao Yan went to the corner of his room and took out the wood basin that was full of Foundation Elixir before quickly jumping in.
With the cool water pulsing against his skin a moderate warmth spread through Xiao Yan"s body and slowly washed away the tiredness in him.
As ripples formed Xiao Yan lazily laid on the side of the wooden basin as his breath slowed and calmed.
Recalling the shock on everyone"s face today at the training field a smile appeared on Xiao Yan"s face: Strength the most important thing in this world!
While rubbing his temples a cold but pretty face unexpectedly popped into his mind. It was... Nalan Yanran"s.
With his eyes narrowed Xiao Yan muttered: "2 more years? You better get ready because I will find you..."
If not for the coldness within the words anyone would have assumed that Xiao Yan"s words were to a lover and not a bitter rival.
Remembering Nalan Yanran"s cavalier attitude and phrases in the main hall Xiao Yan"s hands slowly curled into fists. The shame that he experienced was imprinted in him...
Haha I can"t even take a break. That person... even though she"s arrogant to have been taken in by the faction leader of the Faction of Misty Clouds her talent and potential shouldn"t be too shabby. Xiao Yan"s lips made a cold smile.
Taking a deep breath Xiao Yan realized that every time he thought of Nalan Yanran he would have a new strength that would push him to his limits. He quickly dispensed his lazy position and sat up straight within the wood basin. His hands weaved to make a symbol before he slowly pushed all thoughts out of his mind to start training.
......
Ever since the examination of the other day Xiao Yan could clearly feel that the gazes the clansmen sent him were no longer full of ridicule but rather filled with respect.
To these new gazes that he had already experienced three years ago Xiao Yan was calm and impassive without becoming full of himself because of how "respected" he was.
The day after the examination finished Xiao Yan stayed true to his word and accompanied Xun Er to enjoy sights both in the city and in the mountains. Besides his father Xiao Zhan Xun Er was the closest person within the clan to Xiao Yan and therefore Xiao Yan couldn"t refuse any of her requests.
After a relaxing day Xiao Yan"s life returned to its calm and orderly state.
He would practice Dou Techniques in the back of the mountains in the morning before returning to his room to train Dou Qi for the rest of the time and occasionally chat with Xun Er and his father; his life was simple and organized.
During this period Xiao Yan occasionally met Xiao Mei while walking around the clan and when he heard the soft purr of "Xiao Yan biao-ge" he replied with a smile and some excuses to escape. Towards those who abandoned him in his years of hardship Xiao Yan never went back to being close with them.
He knew that those that suddenly became respectful and friendly to him because of his reborn talent would act like a cold stranger the moment he loses his talent. This kind of backstab experiencing it once was enough.
....
A month"s time slowly passed and there were only 7 days left before Xiao Clan"s Coming of Age Ceremony....
Even though a huge amount of time had passed from the examination to 7 days before the Coming of Age Ceremony Xiao Yan"s wish to get to 8 Duan Qi had still not been answered which let him down.
After striving for 8 Duan Qi for two more days Xiao Yan still didn"t experience breakthrough and amidst disappointment he relaxed his training so that he could be in top notch condition for the Coming of Age Ceremony. But right when he thought that he didn"t have any hope of making a breakthrough and jumping into 8 Duan Qi an interesting surprise came.
During the night that was two days before the Coming of Age Ceremony Xiao Yan who was in a deep slumber suddenly jumped up like he was dreamwalking and before he even took off his clothes he jumped into the wood basin that barely had any Foundation Elixir left.
After struggling for half a night Xiao Yan finally opened his eyes still sleepy and then... He realized that the illustrious 8 Duan that he had been fighting to reach for 2-3 months had finally while he was still half asleep been achieved...
Towards this baffling yet comical breakthrough Xiao Yan while happy and surprised could only exclaim: "Really!"


Chapter 37:Xiao Y
If a clan wants to be able to prosper over the years the most important factor is the clan"s "vitality". And the vitality of the clan is the clan"s younger generation the "new blood" of the clan. Only with a continuous supply of "new blood" can a clan a huge "machine" run smoothly.
Therefore the Coming of Age Ceremony is a huge day for every clan including the Xiao Clan.
As one of the top three clans in Wu Tan City Xiao Clan"s Coming of Age Ceremony attracted the attention of most forces in the city and those that had a good relationship with Xiao Clan even came to watch the ceremony.
....
Accompanying Xun Er under the shade of a large true Xiao Yan relaxingly sat.
Xiao Yan narrowed his eyes while looking at the huge platform in the middle of the training field. The platform was made of huge blocks of lumber and was specially made for the Coming of Age Ceremony that was about to happen.
Xiao Yan"s gaze left the empty wooden platform and went to the people that were not part of Xiao Clan but still there to witness the Coming of Age Ceremony. With reluctance he said: "There are quite a few people..."
Watching Xiao Yan"s unhappy face Xun Er who knew that Xiao Yan liked serenity gloated with laughter.
Just as her laugh sounded Xun Er felt Xiao Yan"s accusing gaze and quickly closed her mouth. Taking a look at Xiao Yan her eyes had a hint of light gold flash across before she said: "Xiao Yan ge-ge got to 8 Duan Qi?"
Hearing that Xiao Yan tilted his head to look at her and realized that while being around Xun Er he couldn"t keep any secrets. With a depressed heart he feebly nodded.
"Woah... not even a month had passed and you already got to 8 Duan Qi. This speed... is quite scary." Seeing Xiao Yan nod even with Xun Er"s calm nature she showed a face of surprise.
Giving her a white eye to Xun Er Xiao Yan"s face suddenly turned. Near the wooden platform there was a woman that was wrapped in a red dress and was chatting with the people besides her. A circle of people surrounded her making the spot where she was at the most popular circle around the platform.
This red dressed woman that was attracting everyone was someone that Xiao Yan had seen before! She was the top auctioneer of the Primer Auction house Ya Fei!
With his gaze lingering the water-snake like waist of Ya Fei Xiao Yan gave his opinion silently: "Really pretty!"
After Xiao Yan"s gaze had stayed on Ya Fei for a while Xun Er"s unhappy hump came from besides him.
"Ahem..." With his eyes blinking Xiao Yan slowly retracted his gaze to act as if he wasn"t staring at Ya Fei and smiled to the unhappy Xun Er: "Did you know that the Primer Auction House came to our clan"s Coming of Age Ceremony?"
Giving an evil stare to Xiao Yan who was acting as if nothing had happened Xun Er emotionlessly said: "Xiao Clan and the Primer Auction House have always had a good relation so why is Ya Fei coming such a big deal? In addition this woman"s communication skills are confirmed incredible by all of Wu Tan City. A couple of young masters that befriended her for her beauty have spent an incredible amount of money on her but in the end they got nothing. If Xiao Yao ge-ge wants to try to charm her then I can only say be careful. And Xun Er won"t lend you any money for those things."
Hearing that Xiao Yan bitterly smiled: "Even if I"m thinking about those things it requires that she at the very least acknowledges me. You do realize that she"s at least 7 to 8 years older than me right?"
"Don"t some women like that?" Xun Er seemingly smiled while saying that.
Dryly coughing Xiao Yan could only admit defeat and not look at that circle of people again.
"Huh why is she back?" Seeing that Xiao Yan wasn"t looking over there anymore Xun Er stopped pursuing the point and after a brief moment of silence she exclaimed out loud.
"Who?" After following Xun Er"s gaze Xiao Yan"s brows slowly furrowed.
The gaze of the two pointed to a girl that was wearing a school uniform and was currently leaning on a tree. She had a sword equipped at her waist was quite tall and the most striking feature were her long legs legs that were so sexy that even Ya Fei"s legs paled in comparison to hers.
"Xiao Ye?" While staring at the tall girl Xiao Yan asked: "Didn"t she go to Jia Nan Academy to train? Why did she come back?"
Xun Er cutely shrugged her shoulder while teasing: "Xiao Yan ge-ge this time you might have some trouble."
Cracking open his mouth Xiao Yan rubbed his burning forehead while saying: "This unruly woman is so annoying. Dammit all I did was accidentally stumble into her bathing spot in the back mountains and accidentally touch her legs. She tried killing me for the majority of a year after that!"
TL: Killing is used in joking manner it means like severe beating in this context
"Hehe a girl"s body isn"t meant to be touched carelessly." Hearing Xiao Yan"s story Xun Er covered her mouth as she giggled. Suddenly she remembered how Xiao Yan had helped her during the night and during that time had contact with her body causing a red blush to appear on her face.
Xiao Yan pursed his lips while coldly smiling: "That woman is Xiao Ning"s sister and they both aren"t good people. That bastard"s enmity towards me is partly due to her."
Far away Xiao Yu seemed to have sensed the two talking about her and turned around to find Xiao Yan under another tree. After a slight shock she furrowed her brows as distaste and disdain surfaced on her face.
After a pause Xiao Yu moved her attractive long legs and started walking towards Xiao Yan.
Seeing Xiao Yu coming over Xiao Yan"s brows also furrowed as he showed his disgust and impatience.
"Ha Xiao Yan I never thought that I would see the day that you turn your situation around. It"s really surprising." Coming closer Xiao Yu saw Xiao Yan undisguised dislike towards her and sneered.
"None of your business."
Obviously Xiao Yan wasn"t too pleased with Xiao Yu and his normal calm had been abandoned with his vulgar words.
"Your words are still sharp and annoying as ever. Looks like the three years of abjection didn"t smooth out your sharp vigor." Xiao Yu looked down upon Xiao Yan and said in a teaching tone.
This tone again... While letting out an annoyed breath in his mind Xiao Yan looked down and closely examined this girl that he had not seen for almost an year. Moving his gaze to her legs Xiao Yao touched his nose while asking: "Your legs are still that long. I wonder if another male touched them after that time."
Hearing that Xiao Yu who was sneering stopped as her face darkened.


u"Chapter 38:This Brat Isnt Simple"
Xiao Yan"s words stabbed at Xiao Yu"s weak spot and the later in a fit put her hand on her sword that was at her waist.
With a sneer Xiao Yan leaned backwards and lazily said: "Do you want to fight?"
"So what!" Xiao Yu tightened her grip on her sword while trying desperately to stop her impulse to unsheathe it and start hacking Xiao Yan with it. With a sneer she taunted: "Even if your talent has come back why does it matter? Three years ago I Xiao Yu could make you flee for your life and three years later I can still do it."
Xiao Yan"s brows jumped as he looked towards Xiao Yu"s light purple school uniform where she had 3 gold stars on her chest. These stars represented Xiao Yu"s strength a three star Dou Zhe. Looks like her year in the academy wasn"t wasted.
"Where are your filthy eyes looking?" Seeing where Xiao Yan was staring Xiao Yu"s already dark face become even darker.
"Aren"t you wearing that so that people notice you?" Xiao Yan touched his nose. His words which were carelessly said caused Xiao Yu to jump up in fury.
"Bastard!" Gnashing her teeth Xiao Yu who was already at her limit finally pulled out her sword with a "Clang". Pointing her sword at Xiao Yan she said: "Do you really think that I"m afraid to cut your tongue off?!"
Staring at the glittering steel sword in front of him Xiao Yan didn"t even blink when he said: "Why don"t you try?"
While talking Xiao Yan"s right hand curled slightly as a pulsing vortex slowly formed. With 3 Xuan Level Dou Techniques Xiao Yan wasn"t too afraid of a 3-star Dou Zhe.
Watching the two who were about to come to blows Xun Er on the sidelines helplessly shook her head. As she looked out into the distance she smiled while alerting them: "Xiao shu-shu and them are coming."
Hearing Xun Er"s words Xiao Yu"s brows furrowed and she turned her head to see Xiao Zhan hurrying over with an ugly face.
"Hmph your good luck won"t last."
After the cold hmph Xiao Yu returned her sword to its scabbard and turned around. Striding forward with her long legs Xiao Yu paused before Xun Er saying: "Xun Er biao-mei. Your talent and beauty are both top class but you should stay away from some people or else you might be stained with some bad habits. It would be too late for regrets then."
Towards Xiao Yu"s tip Xun Er smiled while saying: "Thanks for Xiao Yu biao-jie"s reminder but Xun Er thinks that Xiao Yan ge-ge is great."
Hearing Xun Er"s meaningful words Xiao Yu"s face changed colors as she scanned over the smiling Xun Er. Finally Xiao Yu profoundly said: "Once you leave the clan you"ll know how big the world is. There are countless people that are much more talented than him if you meet someone that makes your heart flutter then..."
"Xiao Yu biao-jie you"re thinking too much. Xun Er doesn"t believe that something like that will happen." Xun Er"s red lips pursed as she interrupted Xiao Yu.
After being interrupted by Xun Er Xiao Yu became embarrassed so she left after giving Xiao Yan one final evil stare.
Watching the angrily leaving Xiao Yu Xiao Yan slowly let out a breath as his face full of disgust changed back into his normal calm face. Sighing he said: "I really don"t like her."
Hearing that Xun Er covered her mouth as she laughed: "Actually I"m really curious as to why she always is going against Xiao Yan ge-ge. Even though you did accidentally stumble upon her bathing spot she shouldn"t be so against you right?"
"How should I know?" Xiao Yan innocently shrugged before looking towards Xiao Zhan and a couple more people walking towards him.
"Yan Er are you alright? Where"s Xiao Yu?" Quickly walking over and seeing the unharmed Xiao Yan Xiao Zhan let out a breath as he asked.
Slightly shrugging Xiao Yan laughed: "I"m fine. That woman just had blood rush to her head."
"You should avoid her a bit. That girl has a bad temper and now that"s she"s a 3 star Dou Zhe if you guys fight you"ll be on the losing end. In addition she"s the first elder"s granddaughter so I"m not in a good position to punish her if you guys fight." Xiao Zhan helplessly said.
Xiao Yan touched his nose as smiled without giving an answer.
"Here Yan Er this is Primer Auction House"s top auctioneer misses Ya Fei. The Foundation Elixir from last time was brought through her." Xiao Zhan moved aside to show the red-dressed woman behind him as he introduced her.
Xiao Yan watched the beautiful woman that showed maturity with her actions and revealed a shy smile that was appropriate for his age: "Hi Ya Fei-jie."
TL: Jie means sister(can be used informal to mean some female slightly older than one)
With her attractive eyes latched on Xiao Yan Ya Fei"s beautiful face showed a smile because of his addressal. With her red lips moving Ya Fei asked while smiling: "I heard that young master Xiao Yan raised 4 Duan Qi in just one year? Hehe that training speed has become huge news in Wu Tan City but is it real?"
Xiao Yan tilted his head and "shyly" said: "It"s the result of father"s purchase of the Foundation Elixir."
Hearing Xiao Yan"s indirect admittance even with Ya Fei"s calm nature she couldn"t help but gasp. Curiosity and interest flashed across her eyes as she thought: 4 Duan Qi in just one year that training speed is frightening. As for that Foundation Elixir I had personally examined it and naturally know the effects of it. It can help a bit with one"s training speed but to raise 4 Duan Qi in just relying on it? Impossible!
Seeing that the two had a basic introduction Xiao Zhan looked up into the sky and patted Xiao Yan"s shoulder. With a smile he said: "Alright the Coming of Age Ceremony is about to start and I have prepare some things. Don"t let me down later."
Xiao Yan nodded while smiling.
Following Xiao Zhan Ya Fei took a peek at Xiao Yan before she turned around. With a couple of years at the Auction House she could discern even the smallest details and when she looked into the young man"s eyes she realized that even though the young man in front of her appeared shy within his pitch black eyes no emotions escaped. It was calm like a secluded lake.
To be able to control his emotions at such a young age... This brat isn"t simple... Turning around that thought sounded within Ya Fei"s mind.


Chapter 39:Ceremonial Test
The Coming of Age Ceremony had so many separate steps and was so complicated that it could make one"s head start hurting.
Sitting below the platform Xiao Yan watched the young man on the platform that was being led around like a doll. He couldn"t help but rub his forehead as he said to Xun Er besides him: "This Coming of Age Ceremony. It"s definitely a torture."
Watching Xiao Yan"s sad face Xun Er smiled while saying: "Can"t help it; these are rules that were passed down since ancient times and even Xiao shu-shu wouldn"t dare change them."
Xiao Yan sighed as he weakly nodded his head. Right when he was about to fall asleep his brows jumped as he sensed that someone was looking at him. Narrowing his eyes he looked at the left of the platform.
There stood Xiao Ning full of envy while watching Xun Er and Xiao Yan. When he saw the later look over he quickly raised his fist aggressively.
"Idiot."
Lightly saying this word Xiao Yan"s sight moved slightly to the left to Xiao Yu who was standing beside Xiao Ning. His eyes swept boldly across her long and sexy legs until her face turned green before he finally looked away with a cold smile.
From the side Xun Er was smiling to herself while watching Xiao Yan"s antics feeling a little helpless. When it came to Xiao Yu Xiao Yan seemed to lose his usual calmness and always provoked her until she became completely mad.
Reclining on the cool wooden chair Xiao Yan enjoyed the sweet scent of the maiden beside him while waiting with his eyes closed.
When the Coming of Age Ceremony had progressed to about halfway it was at last Xiao Yan"s turn.
Upon hearing a shout from the stage everyone on the guest platform looked at Xiao Yan with either curious or suspicious eyes. For most of them a large part of the reason as to why they were here at the Xiao Clan"s coming of age ceremony was to have a look at the youth who had caused such an uproar in Wu Tan City and to see if he was as described in the rumours.
Xiao Yan slowly opened his eyes and the stares from all around made him feel like he was a monkey in the zoo causing him to shake his head in resignation.
With a light sigh and a passive face Xiao Yan stepped slowly onto the platform under the gazes of everyone.
The coming of age ceremony was held by the second elder Xiao Ying. Although the second elder never gave Xiao Yan any of his sympathy he rarely went out of his way to harass Xiao Yan. In addition ever since the day of the preliminary exam he had mellowed quite a bit. At least the scorn that was previously clearly presented on his face was no longer visible on the old wrinkled face.
With a complicated expression in his eyes Xiao Ying heaved a sigh in his heart as he looked upon this youth who had overturned the tables in his life. His face shook a little as he took the materials that were needed for the ceremony before walking towards Xiao Yan.
Looking at the second elder walking towards him Xiao Yan remembered the previous fussy and boring ceremony and had a migraine. With a bitter smile he closed his eyes and awaited his fate.
......
Under the eyes of everyone Xiao Yan stood like an idiot for half an hour before the complex bureaucratic scene finally ended.
With a sigh of relief in his heart Xiao Yan opened his eyes. Looking at the various spices surrounding his body he rolled his eyes in gloom.
After all the complicated steps were over the second elder wiped sweat off his brow and turned towards the black stone monument shouting: "Ceremonial Test!"
The Ceremonial Test was same as the previous month"s test which was just an preliminary test. The motive of the previous test was to let the clan"s elites be picked out so they could take the actual coming of age ceremony on the main stage while the rest of the 7 Duan and below clan members would only have a simpler ceremony that was somewhat shabby
The Ceremonial Test was much more accurate compared to the preliminary test since this time the test was personally checked by the two star Dou Grandmaster second elder of Xiao Clan. It showed how serious the Coming of Age Ceremony was taken.
TL: Dou Zhe -> Dou Master -> Dou Grandmaster
With the second elder"s shout those who had been bored out of their minds suddenly focused as they sent their attention to the platform.
On the Guests Platform nearly all of those sitting there also stared at the black clothed young man. The purpose for their visit today was to confirm if the young man that had stirred the entire Wu Tan City four years ago will stir Wu Tan City again.
Ignoring the burning gazes around him Xiao Yan was calm as he walked up to the black monument.
While watching the calm Xiao Yan the second elder"s dry hand touched the Black Monument as a strand of his Dou Qi was pushed into it to test it. Afterwards he stepped to the side and joined everyone else in staring Xiao Yan. Even though he was present at the previous testing he couldn"t help but wonder: Did this kid really get to 7 Duan Qi?
The shock of Xiao Yan"s performance particularly impacted this second elder and he had especially asked to be in charge of the Coming of Age Ceremony so that he could make sure that he personally test Xiao Yan!
Disregarding the second elder"s questioning gaze Xiao Yan"s hand slowly touched the black monument....
Watching Xiao Yan touch the monument Xiao Yu couldn"t help but furrow her brows while turning her head to whisper to Xiao Ning: "Did he really get to 7 Duan Qi?"
Because Xiao Yu had just gotten home two days ago after asking for a break from the academy she wasn"t there to witness Xiao Yan"s preliminary testing and thus was still suspicious about his achievements.
Being asked by his sister Xiao Ning bitterly nodded while saying: "Yeah. That guy must have ate something that helped him jump 4 Duan Qi in just one year."
Having her question confirmed once more Xiao Yu pushed her lips together while stomping her legs in annoyance. While angrily staring at the young man on the platform her beautiful face showed her stubborn attitude as she thought: Without me actually seeing it I won"t believe that that cripple has turned his situation around.
Taking a deep breath Xiao Yu sneered while saying: "That kid must have done something last time but with second elder examining it this time I"ll be..."
Before she could finish her thought Xiao Yu"s face tightened as the rest of the words became stuck in her throat.
On the high wooden platform the huge black monument shined brightly as golden words appeared on the monument: "Dou Zi Qi: 8 Duan!"


Chapter 40:Shock
Silent everyone was silent!
All eyes were blankly focused onto the golden words reflected on the black stone tablet above.
On the Guests" platform the sharp clear ring of shattering tea cups falling to the ground resonated. The representatives from Wu Tan City were all dumbfounded disbelief spread across their faces.
The purpose of their visit was to confirm whether the rumors were true or not: to see with their own eyes if Xiao Yan really did jump up 4 Duan Qi in the span of a year.
However what they had just seen not only confirmed the rumours but had completely surpassed their expectations.
4 Duan Qi in a year? Now it turned into 5 Duan Qi... This training speed it could only be described with a single word: Frightening!
"The Xiao Clan has succeeded once more..." Everyone on the Guests" platform couldn\t help but mutter under their breath. To have a clan member that jumped 5 Duan Qi in a year the Xiao Clan\s future was looking bright.
"If this rate of growth continues then perhaps...perhaps in 10 years the Xiao Clan will have a Dou Huang ranked member." Everyone on the Guests\ platform looked at each other as their hearts felt heavy at that thought.
Dou Huang: if any clan in the Jia Ma Empire had a strong Dou Huang their status would skyrocket within the Jia Ma Empire. Even the three largest Clans in the Jia Ma Empire the Primer Clan Nalan Clan and Ritter Clan would respect that clan After all there were only a handful of Dou Huang level Dou Zhes in the entire Jia Ma Empire. Each Dou Zhe who reached the Dou Huang rank had the power to topple over anything from the heavens to the oceans and to face ten thousands of enemies with ease. No sane empire would dare offend a Dou Huang without weighing the consequences!
Three hundred years ago Jia Ma Empire"s sole Dou Huang Dou Zhe had his family killed as a result of a war. As a result the Dou Huang single-handedly massacred the enemy"s 10000 elite knights in a fit of rage. Both empires were shaken in awe by the bloodshed caused.
Since that moment on no empire on the Dou Qi Continent dared to offend a Dou Huang Dou Zhe. At the same time everyone saw how scary Dou Huangs could be.
u"Therefore everyone that saw Xiao Yans gift looked at the Xiao Clan with an extreme envy."
At the center of the high platform even Xiao Zhan was looking at the golden words on the monument with a his eyes slightly sour. After a while he let out a lengthy breath and viewed his black clothed son with a look of gratitude."The best decision in my life was to not create uneasiness between Yan Er and me..."
As Xiao Yan"s father Xiao Zhan was well aware of his son"s temperament. He could still clearly remember that in Xiao Yan"s childhood not long after his birth how indifferent his son was to him. Xiao Yan would always look at him with a cold look as if he were looking at a stranger and not his father.
Fortunately over the years the cold and detached looks toward Xiao Zhan grew warm as Xiao Zhan"s care and love...
Thinking back to the time when Xiao Yan was a child Xiao Zhan shivered. His mouth twitched while a gentle smile took over his face.
"Xiao Clan Leader young master Xiao Yan\s talent is truly mind blowing! This time the Xiao Clan will definitely have an amazingly terrifying Dou Zhe." Standing by Xiao Zhan\s side Ya Fei\s beautiful eyes gazed at the very same person Xiao Zhan was looking at. Her face was still slightly red from her excitement while she said her thoughts.
Xiao Zhan laughed loudly pride and excitement clearly showing on his face. He cupped his hands together and with a courteous look to Ya Fei he replied "Ya Fei that kid"s talent is sometimes a huge surprise but at other times a huge letdown. You also know of how he fell from the spotlight three years ago and faced countless hardships. No one would have thought that he would regain his talent but here it is again...sigh!"
u"Ya Feis eyebrows bent slightly with her feminine smile. Whether Xiao Yans talent was short lived or not she didnt know. Right now the only thing that mattered to her was his potential which would be enough for her."
u"Giving an enchanting look downwards Ya Feis heart had already formed a plan. In the future she would be sure to come and do business with the Xiao Clan as much as possible!"
......
Beneath the ceremonial platform Xiao Yu opened her mouth with a stiff face. She stared at the Black Monument in shock while breathing heavily. Suddenly she snapped at Xiao Ning: "Didn"t you say that he was 7 Duan Qi? How is he higher?"
Xiao Ning"s opened mouth a couple of times before he mumbled innocently "Last month he was already 7 Duan.... This month he seems to have had a breakthrough?"
"To go from 7 Duan to 8 Duan in one month... How is that possible? Even if that brat got his old talent back he wouldn"t be able to train this fast!" Xiao Yu exclaimed. "To jump 5 Duan in a year? The little brat should die dammit! This kind of speed can rival that monster woman in Jianan Academy."
"How would I know..." Xiao Ning gave a bitter smile as he glanced at the far away Xun Er only to see her gaze fixed on Xiao Yan below with eyes of admiration and didn"t paying attention to him at all.
"F**king bastard!"
After being ignored by the girl he favored over all others Xiao Ning"s heart blazed with the fires of jealousy. Raising his head he threw a ferocious glare at Xiao Yan that contrasted with his youthful face.


Chapter 41:Qi Increasing Powder
"Second Elder is the test over yet?"
Xiao Yan softly inquired as he looked at the golden words on the Monument. He slowly removed his hand while looking at the distracted Second Elder.
"Oh eh the test is over..." The Second Elder snapped out of his confusion after hearing Xiao Yan"s voice. He frantically nodded his head though his eyes were still drifting here and there. The Elder was obviously still in a state of shock.
Ah to raise 5 Duan Qi in a year? What a fast progression... truly terrifying. The second Elder was still lost in thought and looked at the youth before him with complex emotions. However the doubt that was in his old eyes disappeared in the face of reality.
The golden words gradually faded from the Monument and it returned to a deep black hue.
Even though the golden words had dissipated the audience remained quite still. Everyone was still absorbed in shock.
"Ahem......" On the high platform the second elder let out a cough and finally he got the audience"s attention back.
"The Ceremonial Test has been completed. In accordance with the rules Xiao Yan will accept a single challenge. Those below Dou Zhe rank will be allowed to to challenge him who will come forward?" The second Elder shouted as his eyes swept over the younger generation.
u"If one were to consider the Coming of Age ceremony as a test of how high one"s Dou Qi was then the challenge was an examination of ones Dou Technique proficiency. Ultimately in a fight of life and death Dou Techniques would be an influential factor in determining the outcome. Each clan"s attention to the proficiency of Dou Techniques was no less than their attention to the Dou Qi of a Dou Zhe."
Upon hearing the Second Elder"s declaration a mild clamour broke out in the audience. The younger Xiao generation looked at each other while cowardice tightened their lips. The golden words on the Black Monument 8 Duan Qi had torn any thought dwelling in their heart of easy victory to pieces.
At the moment they had not the qualification to boast of their strength in combat with Xiao Yan.
Xiao Yan was silently standing on the platform and calmly swept his gaze down over his peers. Each time his eyes rested on a youth he or she would quickly step back.
"Hmph a bunch of cowards!" Looking at the surrounding clan members cowering in fear Xiao Ning scolded in derision. He lifted his head and looked challengingly at the black clad youth on stage and was about to step on stage when a slender hand pulled him back.
With a furrow of his brow Xiao Ning looked at his sister and said unhappily: "What?"
Xiao Yu sighed and replied : "He"s at 8 Duan Qi you might not be able to beat him."
u"Xiao Ning"s mouth twitched slightly he hesitated as well. But when his eyes drifted towards the nearby Xun\\er what greeted him was the sight of her gazing warmly at Xiao Yan with a delicate pleasant expression that had never been directed at him..."
Gritting his teeth savagely Xiao Ning shrugged off Xiao Yu"s hand with jealousy and anger surfacing on his still somewhat childish face. "So what! It has already been more than 1 year since I"ve reached 8 Duan Qi do you think I can"t beat him who just reached 8 Duan Qi?"
Looking at Xiao Ning whose face was filled with stubborness and jealousy Xiao Yu knew she had no choice. After pausing a while she took out a green pill and stroked it gently with a hint of reluctance before shoving it into Xiao Ning"s hands. She whispered: "This is a tier 2 pill "Qi Increasing Powder" which grants the power of a Dou Zhe for a short period of time. However the consequence is that if consumed one will be bedridden for the next month. Do not use it unless absolutely necessary."
Upon hearing that Xiao Ning grasped the pill joyously saying "With this I will definitely teach that guy a lesson!"
Xiao Ning frowned and warned him "Don"t be too reckless. Let him suffer just a little. You must not injure him heavily or else even Grandfather will not be able to protect you. The current "him" is no longer the useless cripple of the past."
u""Yes yes I already know..." Xiao Ning said indifferently nodding slightly. With a wry smile he looked at Xun\\er proudly saying in his heart I will let you know that guy is only a pillow with an embroidered case!"
TL: Chinese Proverb - an outwardly attractive but worthless person
With a cold smile Xiao Ning brushed off Xiao Yu"s hand and jumped onto the stage shouting "I"ll challenge you!"
Upon hearing that everyone"s gaze turned towards Xiao Ning and the feeling of being the center of attention made the proud look on his face increase further.
Looking at Xiao Ning who was walking over the second Elder"s brows furrowed. Looking up at the guests seats he saw as expected the first Elder with a troubled look on his face. Sighing lightly he rebuked in his heart: Ignorant fool! Do you still think that Xiao Yan is still the useless cripple he was in the past?
Xiao Ning did not notice the frown on the second Elder"s face and taking a big step forward he arrogantly grinned : "Xiao Yan let me test your fighting prowess."
Looking up lazily to see Xiao Ning in front of him Xiao Yan did not even bother replying.
Seeing that Xiao Ning had already reached the center of the stage the second Elder had no choice but to loudly proclaim : "Xiao Yan has been challenged by Xiao Ning. Xiao Yan do you accept the challenge?"
"You won"t run from my challenge will you? Xun Er is watching you had better not disappoint her..." Caressing the pill hidden in his sleeve Xiao Ning"s confidence swelled and with a look at the beautiful calm maiden below he said to Xiao Yan with a cold smile.
Idiot... Xiao Yan muttered in his heart brushing his nose. In front of everyone he nodded and calmly said: "I accept."
Seeing Xiao Yan nod the second elder sighed once more and waved his hand. As he retreated off the stage he lowered his voice to a volume where only the two of them could hear and said "Remember control your strength. Do not injure each other!"
Xiao Ning curled his lip while Xiao Yan shrugged indifferently.
As the second Elder left the stage the air atop it grew strained. A fight was soon to arise.


Chapter 42:You Lost
With the announcement everyone"s gaze turned to the two youths on the platform in interest. Everyone was curious about this youth who had created yet another miracle after 3 years. Did he have in Dou techniques the same talent he had in Dou Qi cultivation? Did he have that same terrifying speed of learning?
On the Guest Platform Xiao Zhan furrowed his brows as he looked at Xiao Yan on stage with a slightly uneasy expression on his face. Although Xiao Yan"s Dou Qi had progressed beyond Xiao Zhan"s expectations he had never seen Xiao Yan go to the Dou Technique Hall and look for a Dou Technique nor did he ever see him train in Dou Techniques at all.
One should note that Dou Technique training differed from Dou Qi training. If one were to learn a low Huang level Dou Technique all that was required was one"s own hard work - grasped simply through trial and error. A mid or even high level technique however would require much more: it needed personal instruction from a Clan Technique Instructor. Over the past years Xiao Zhan had never heard of Xiao Yan approaching any of the clan"s instructors to learn Dou Techniques. On the other hand Xiao Ning regularly patronized them to learn the techniques.
To Xiao Zhan"s understanding the 8 Duan Xiao Ning had already mastered three mid and one high Huang level Dou Technique. Any one of those techniques would place him one step ahead of any combatant in the same tier. It seemed to him that Xiao Yan would be at a disadvantage in this battle.
"Haha. Xiao Clan Leader what would you say? Is victory possible for the young master Xiao Yan?" Next to Xiao Zhan Ya Fei whose eyes were firmly fixed on the stands asked with a soft smile.
Xiao Zhan calmed his anger towards Xiao Ning and calmly said: "Yan-er isn"t very proficient with Dou Techniques at the moment. Furthermore he has just reached 8 Duan while Xiao Ning has reached that stage for over a year. It is unfortunate but I am afraid that the likelihood of my son winning will not be very high. "
"Oh really?" Ya Fei slowly batted her long eyelashes her alluring eyes sweeping about as she gazed lazily at the calm black clothed youth on the stage. Her lips curved up in a small smile giving her countenance a mature beauty as she said: "I don"t know why but I"m very confident in young master Xiao Yan. I think he can claim victory in this fight."
Xiao Zhan was taken aback rather surprised at her confidence. He paused for a moment before smiling and shaking his head: "Let"s hope Miss Ya Fei"s words come true."
......
Facing the still standing Xiao Yan Xiao Ning sneered and clenched his two fists as he took an aggressive stance. His faint Dou Qi coursed through him as he dashed forward giving him an even more menacing look.
u"Not a word more was uttered; Xiao Nings foot burst off from the ground bringing himself close to Xiao Yan. And without a moment"s hesitation Xiao Ning brought his 2 fists together: each of his fingernails gleamed like metal"
Standing there less than half a meter away from Xiao Yan Xiao Ning paused. His right hand took the shape of a claw and swerved towards Xiao Yan neck. "Middle Huang Level Dou Technique: Rending Claws!"
Xiao Yan looked at the nearing the claws with indifference. He slowly brought up a single palm curved inwards and suddenly straightened it causing a huge pushing force...
Feeling the tremendous pressure of Dou Qi Xiao Ning"s face dropped as if he had been physically beaten. He then staggered back 10 steps before stopping himself.
There watching from the terrace above Xiao Zhan gazed down with astonishment. By his side Ya Fei smiled sweetly. She watched intently her red lips were softly pressed against her white jade teacup slowly sipping tea.
"This boy... he"s really a hidden treasure.." Ya Fei mused her charming lips sipping from her cup once more.
"What... what Dou Technique is this?" Xiao Ning said while rubbing the sore spot on his chest his face paling as he asked.
Xiao Yan glanced at him coolly before lowering his head. The name of "Fire Palm" was quite tasteless but the technique could unleash quite a powerful force which pleased Xiao Yan.
Xiao Ning"s face trembled in rage seeing Xiao Yan ignore him; his jaws clamped shut as he charged once more towards Xiao Yan.
With palms stretched outwards Xiao Yan narrowed his eyes at the encroaching Xiao Ning and let his mouth twist into a cruel smirk.
His right hand uncoiled slowly then closed abruptly. A violent force of attraction came forth from his palm. Xuan Level Dou Technique: Vacuum Hands!
u"Seeing Xiao Yans hand close Xiao Ning subconsciously planted his feet more firmly into the ground. However the strength used was insufficient. He felt himself drawn in and was sent towards the fist."
u"Xiao Nings body flew in an arc towards Xiao Yan who had a strange smile engraved on his face."
u"Although Xiao Nings body was being pulled he couldn"t help but smirk as he drew closer and closer. He gave a foreboding laugh as Dou Qi began to condense in his fists."
"Iron Fists!" Xiao Ning cried out with fists clenched tight. A sharp burst of Qi escaped outwards creating a deep echo that resonated in midair. If he could hit Xiao Yan"s shoulder he would do terrifying damage to his arm. It seemed to Xiao ning that Xiao Yan did not take the possibility of counter-attack into account.
Iron Fists: a High Huang level Dou Technique with a decent amount of power. It required a Dou Qi of at least 7 Duan to be able to learn and practice.
Squinting slightly after feeling the sharp Qi in the air Xiao Yan let out a breath of air slowly. Channeling the Dou Qi throughout his body he exclaimed inwardly "Xun Level Dou Technique: Fire Palm!"
Thinking loudly with conviction Xiao Yan blasted out a wave of Qi from his palm.
"Bang!" The atmosphere grew heavy as an unseen force ruthlessly pushed back the flying figure of Xiao Ning. The attractive and repulsive force on Xiao Ning immediately turned his face ashen white.
"Pu-chi."
The two forces battled against each other bringing about a brief stalemate. In the end Xiao Ning was ultimately sent flying back falling onto the ground 10 meters away. His body shook on the ground as he slowly spat out blood from his mouth with a pitiful groan from him following.
Looking at Xiao Ning who had become completely paralyzed and then calmly glancing around Xiao Yan slowly put his hand down and quietly spoke: "You lost... "


Chapter 43:The Powerful Xiao Yan
Looking at Xiao Ning directly without saying anything Xiao Yan quietly walked off the stage. Quickly a loud chatter arose from the audience who was still not completely over the previous shock; their heart slowly began to churn quickly once more.
u"The younger Xiao Clan generation were all dumbstruck as they looked to Xiao Ning who was vomiting blood. As peers they were naturally aware of Xiao Nings fighting capabilities. In the youngest generation of the Xiao Clan aside of Xun Er very few could rival Xiao Ning. However at this moment he was utterly defeated by Xiao Yan. This unforeseen result had happened so suddenly catching everyone unprepared."
In the audience Xiao Yu looked at the quickly defeated Xiao Ning her pretty cheeks showing a faint red hue as her mouth gaped open at the incredible sight even her heart was in shock.
After a while Xiao Yu slowly recovered her composure her slender white neck regaining its natural rosy color. She murmured softly under her breath "This scoundrel how did he get so strong? How could he have time to practice new Dou Techniques while bitterly trying to regain his original Dou Qi?"
......
"Hehe not only is young master Xiao Yan\s Dou Qi quite powerful his Dou Techniques are also very well practiced. Xiao Clan Leader must have spent a lot of time on him?" In the Guest Platform although Ya Fei was mentally prepared from the start she was shocked by Xiao Yan\s performance. She seductively flashed her eyes as she faced Xiao Zhan who smiled widely.
If one wanted to learn deep Dou Techniques then one needed to have an instructor who knew the tricks to that Dou Technique. It would seem that Ya Fei believed that Xiao Zhan had taught Xiao Yan in private.
Hearing what Ya Fei said earlier Xiao Zhan laughed bitterly shaking his head. It wasn"t that he didn"t want to teach Xiao Yan Dou Ji he couldn"t have possibly teach Xiao Yan such interesting Dou Techniques. Even with his understanding of the Dou Techniques in Xiao Clan he had never seen a Dou Technique like that.
Therefore Xiao Zhan could only come to one conclusion the Dou Technique Xiao Yan used was not from Xiao clan.
Since that isn"t a Dou Technique from our clan where did Xiao Yan learn it from? Xiao Zhan had his suspicions and looked towards the various experts in the clan searching for answers. But all he saw were somewhat strange looks that they were aimed at him.
Looking at the gazes on their faces Xiao Zhan stared blankly and before realizing what the glances zes meant: they thought that he helped Yan Er!
Curling his lips Xiao Zhan did not feel like giving an explanation and returned his gaze to his son. "This brat he certainly has no shortage of secrets." He murmured to himself.
......
There on the stage remained the still collapsed form of Xiao Ning. The second elder shook his head helplessly in shock and studied Xiao Yan with a complex look.
The young man bowed his head briefly his delicate but young face had a tranquil look. No traces of pride or arrogance had appeared on his face even after his victory.
Letting out a sigh the second elder raised a dry palm high and was about to loudly proclaim that the match was over when his face suddenly turned to the left.
In the distance Xiao Ning who was laying on the ground earlier suddenly leapt up like a jaguar. His faint Dou Qi dramatically rose as his feet stamped firmly onto the wooden stage floor. Dashing forward each time his foot landed on the stage wood splinters would jump up from the stage
Both his cold eyes focused once more on Xiao Yan and his bloodstained mouth and face turned even more malevolent than before. "You bastard. Time for you to go to hell!"
"Xiao Ning stop!"
The sudden event left the second elder distracted but he immediately shouted out. However at this moment Xiao Ning\s mind was filled with only rage and hatred he turned a deaf ear to the second elder. Taking advantage of the Tier 2 "Qi Increasing Powder" he gnashed his teeth together in fury while glaring at Xiao Yan and immediately rushed in to attack.
The sudden change on the field caused a disturbance amongst the audience. On the Guest terrace Xiao Zhan and the people around him were able to detect what had just happened; Xiao Ning now had the strength of an Dou Zi!
"He took \Qi Gathering Powder\!" The knowledgeable Ya Fei exclaimed after she saw the sudden sharp rise in strength of Xiao Ning her charming face changed as she spoke.
"You scoundrel!" Xiao Zhan\s expression turned bleak. He slammed his hands against the table hairline fractures radiated outwards from the impact. With a fierce look he glared at the first elder "You old prune if something happens to my son then even your own grandson\s life won\t be enough compensation!"
At the moment Xiao Yan possessed far more potential than Xiao Ning. If Yan Er suffered a serious injury in the match because of Xiao Ning"s violation of the rules even with Xiao Ning"s support from the first elder the clan would not easily let him off.
u"As Xiao Zhan glared at the first elder the first elders wrinkled face started trembling. He began to stutter. If Xiao Yan was the same weak Xiao Yan from before then a serious injury wouldn"t mean much. But now... the clan would even turn their back on the first elder before giving up this person who had the possibility of become a Dou Huang!"
The second elder"s cry had no effect; Xiao Ning was already an arm"s length away from Xiao Yan and his hands were covered with a thick layer of Dou Qi as he roared "Iron Mountain Fists!".
With the increase in power this time the Iron Mountain Fists sent out a huge shockwave far larger than the one before.
u"The force blew back Xiao Yans hair revealing a pair of calm but cold black eyes."
u"Facing Xiao Nings strike Xiao Yan unexpectedly did not step back. He clenched his right hand and slowly got into a stance. Then after a brief pause he shot forward like an arrow off a bowstring."
The second elder stomped his foot in anger when he saw Xiao Yan meet head on with the incoming Xiao Ning and yelled out in frustration "Idiot!"
"Octane Blast!"
Giving a suppressed shout in his mind Xiao Yan"s fist collided with Xiao Ning"s under the horrified gaze of the second elder.
"Bang!" The two fists met midair. Suddenly Xiao Ning\s twisted face began to turn deathly pale. Once again blood began to spill from his mouth staining his face.
u"With an apathetic look on his face Xiao Yans sleeves fluttered as he delivered another punch at Xiao Ning smashing him out of the field like a leaf in a gale."
Seeing this scene the second elder on the platform suddenly squinted his eyes. He could not help but flatly inhale a cold breath. From that moment on watching the backline of the young man in black he seemed to become mysterious.


Chapter 44:You Want To Test Me?
Seeing Xiao Ning who seemed as if he were teetering on the edge of life and death the audience went silent once more.
The audience members" eyes gazed at the young man still standing on the field as if he were the devil himself. No one was completely sure about what had just happened; they all saw Xiao Ning suddenly gain a boost in strength and then saw him quickly defeated. They were not expecting to see Xiao Ning after a boost in power to suffer an even more humiliating defeat with a serious injury from one punch!
Looking at the field from the Guest platform Ya Fei"s pearly white hands covered her red lips her ample breasts moved as her whole body shook in excitement.
What a strong Dou Technique...What level could it be? Xuan level? How is that possible? Ya Fei gasped her heart fluttered as she gave the possibility some thought. Xuan level Dou Techniques were not only rare but also difficult to learn.
After a while Ya Fei was slowly brought back to reality. Once more turning her thoughts toward Xiao Yan"s previous of Dou Technique her brow furrowed as she thought of something: If I remember correctly the Xiao Clan"s highest Dou Technique is a Xuan Level Technique Fissure of the Lion that goes with the Xuan Level Qi Method Raging Lion. Right?
Based on what I saw that Dou Technique was definitely not "Fissure of the Lion." Hmmm..." Ya Fei stared down at her jade teacup resting gently in her lily white hands. Out of nowhere a thought occurred to her: Could it be... that that Dou Technique was not taught to him by Xiao Zhan?
Her beautiful eyes lazily fluttered as she glanced over at Xiao Zhan with an inconspicuous tilt of her head. While looking she was able to catch the momentary shock on Xiao Zhan"s face as he also realized that the technique was not a clan technique
If Xiao Zhan didn"t teach him..." Ya Fei mused her well-developed chest leaning downwards as her jade fingernails wrapped around her teacup. As she recalled the proficiency Xiao Yan displayed with those Dou Techniques she couldn"t help but to inwardly think: Then this brat... he has a mysterious teacher that teaches him behind his clan"s back? Otherwise a Xuan Level Dou Techniques can"t be mastered that quickly through trial and error with so little experience.
To be able to teach Xuan level Dou Techniques... that mysterious man"s strength must be at the Dou Ling stage! We have to investigate this matter! Ya Fei consideredas she gracefully put down her jade teacup after wiping a bead of cold sweat from her cheek. Observing Xiao Yan closely she thought This little brat... he gets more mysterious with each passing day. I can"t help but be curious.
TL: Dou Ling is the level above Da Dou Shi which is where Xiao Yan"s father is at
......
Oh Dear...this Yan Er of mine he"s harder and harder to see through. Beside Ya Fei Xiao Zhan couldn"t help but sigh silently. His son"s execution of the previous Dou Technique was so well done that he silently cheered when he saw that. From an damage point of view that Dou Technique was on par with Xiao Clan"s Xuan Level Dou Technique "Fissure of the Lion!"
Slowly shaking his head Xiao Zhan exhaled deeply. With a sad look he thought I"m afraid that there is someone teaching Yan Er behind my back.
But who is teaching him? Xiao Zhan answered while scratching his chin. He couldn"t help but look to the far away Xun Er. At this moment the little girl was resting her cheeks on her hands a faint smile on her face as she looked at Xiao Yan standing in the limelight.
Could it be her? A seed of curiosity was planted into his mind. Thinking about how close Xun Er and Xiao Yan were Xiao Zhan forcibly justified that thought.
......
On the stage Xiao Yan let out a breath of stale air as his rock hard arms slowly reverted back to their original state. Even his sleeves were beginning to slowly fall down and back into silky smooth fabric.
Twisting his head Xiao Yan turned to face Xiao Yu who was rushing forward and picking up the unconscious Xiao Ning. Xiao Yan looked on with indifference and his heart didn"t have the slightest sliver of pity. If he had not learned two Xuan level Dou Techniques then his own right hand would have been broken by Xiao Ning"s attack. Since others did not show mercy to him then he would have no reason to be an idiotic good person.
Putting his hands back into his pockets Xiao Yan walked past the dumbstruck second elder asking "The battle has ended right?"
Gulping the second elder regained his senses and nodded once. As he started to announce that the battle is over he was interrupted.
"Hold it!" Under the platform Xiao Yu was carrying a blood-covered Xiao Ning. Her voice brimming with hatred.
The second elder creased his eyebrows "Xiao Yu what do you want?"
Handing the unconscious Xiao Ning to another clan member Xiao Yu leaped onto the platform vigorously. The grudge she held against Xiao Yan could clearly be seen "Xiao Ning is your older cousin how could you beat him up so viciously?"
Hearing Xiao Yu"s questioning Xiao Yan sneered while a vicious smile appeared on his face "Although this was only supposed to be a challenge he violated the rules. After losing once he ingested Qi Gathering Powder and attacked me in that powered-up state. Do you really think he showed me mercy? If I didn"t resist would you be furious because I"m hurt? Is Xiao Ning a human while I Xiao Yan am not? Xiao Yu aside from being biased against me what else are you capable of doing?"
Being bombarded with questions like firecrackers on rope Xiao Yu"s mind grew sluggish. Her pretty red cheeks turned white then quickly flamed red in anger. With her arrogant attitude she was never lectured in public before. As she exhaled to calm her anger she stated coldly "I don"t care for your talk I only know that you have wounded my younger brother. So now I challenge you! If you have the skills then accept my challenge!"
"Xiao Yu withdraw your challenge this is not your place! This is a competition for those under the level of Dou Zhe you don"t qualify!" The second elder chided out from the side.
Xiao Yu refused to back down. She bit her lip in anger while glaring at Xiao Yan "Don"t tell me you don"t dare accept."
This idiotic woman.
Inwardly fuming Xiao Yan cursed in rage his first battle with Xiao Ning had already used up a lot of his Dou Qi and now he was going to be battling with a 3 star Dou Zhe. He was clearly at a disadvantage.
"Don"t have the guts to accept a challenge from a woman?" Staring coldly at Xiao Yan Xiao Yu felt a hint glee and openly sneered at him.
u"Brushing his nose with his thumb Xiao Yans mouth twitched slightly and his black pupils shimmered ominously."
As Xiao Yan began to prepare himself to beat the long legged woman a silver bell like laugh sounded as someone softly floated onto the platform.
Suddenly a voice was heard calling from the platform "Cousin Xiao Yu brother Xiao Yan is already tired and yet you\re still challenging him. Are you trying to take advantage of him? Cousin Xiao Yu if you really want to fight someone then why don\t you let Xun Er play with you?"


Chapter 45:The Finale
With everyone"s gaze on her the young girl jumped onto the high platform landing beside Xiao Yan. Her beautiful eyes moved gently while her pretty red lips stretched into an elegant smile.
Seeing Xun Er jump up Xiao Yan rolled his eyes helplessly and asked "Why did you have to run over here?"
Xun Er formed a slight smile. Not answering her eyes glanced over to Xiao Yu whose face now had a complex look. With a smile Xun Er said: "Xiao Yu Biao-jie in comparison to Xiao Yan your age is a bit older and you even went to Jia Nan Academy to train. Under these conditions the challenge is a bit unreasonable. If Xiao Yu Biao-jie needs someone to relieve stress then Xun Er will happily help you."
Hearing this Xiao Yu"s charming face became heavy while her eyebrows wrinkled. Looking at Xiao Yan with cutting eyes she sneered and said: "Don"t tell me you only know how to hide behind a woman?"
Xiao Yan"s eyebrows twitched. In his eyes an ominous glint appeared. At that moment he just wanted to hold this woman to the ground and humiliate her.
"Enough!" While the three were arguing the second elder let out an angry shout making the three of them swallow all the words they wanted to say.
With a gloomy expression the angered second elder walked towards them. Turning to Xiao Yu he shouted angrily: "On this stage you do not have the right to challenge anyone. Return immediately. If you obstruct the ongoing ceremony anymore you will be forced to stay within your house for a month!"
After venting his anger on Xiao Yu the Second Elder let out a sigh of relief. Turning his head he helplessly watched Xun Er who was twirling a strand of her fine black hair as he forced a smile: "Young miss Xun Er you should also go down. Your challenge is also against the rules."
Xun Er shrugged indifferently. Nodding her delicate chin she turned around to leave the stage. Then she turned back to Xiao Yan and quietly pulled a weird face leaving him unsure of whether to laugh or cry.
To be angrily rebuked by the second elder biting her red lips the charming Xiao Yu felt wronged. After a short while she stamped her feet a few times then gave a sneer before leaving: "Little scoundrel just you wait!"
Looking at the comical ending the second elder released a long sigh. Turning his head around he looked at the perpetrator who wore an innocent face. Forcing a small smile the second elder stood on the stage and with a voice as cold as ice he shouted: "Xiao Ning illegally took a pill therefore from today on he will be locked indoors for 3 months!" After the elder finished speaking whispers erupted. He shouted once more: "The challenge has ended; Xiao Yan has won!"
Regarding the unneeded explanation of what occurred Xiao Yan actually did not express an opinion. After hearing the declaration of the end of the Coming of Age ceremony he walked down from the platform.
All the members of the audience in the stands stared at the young man. Looking back at the fearful eyes of his clansmen Xiao Yan brushed his nose laughing inwardly.
......
u"After Xiao Yan"s ceremony had ended various clansmen went onstage. However under the shadow of Xiao Yan"s performance the other clansmans achievements dimmed."
Finally Xun Er appeared on stage and caused quite a large commotion. A 15 years old Dou Zhe this achievement was just shy of Xiao Yan"s past achievement. Although Xun Er"s achievement still quite remarkable many attending the ceremony knew that she was the clan"s brightest pearl. Therefore even though they were still shocked they were much less surprised compared to their shock at the end of Xiao Yan"s performance.
The Coming of Age Ceremony lasted from early morning until afternoon. In the end the field was filled with sounds of admiration before emptying quickly. However distraught pairs of eyes kept on staring at the youth in the black garment who just made a miracle come true.
Looking at the end of the Coming of Age Ceremony Xiao Yan let out a silent sigh. All these stares were unbearable for him. Shaking his head he stood up to walk away.
"Today Xiao Yan ge-ge"s display really made people gasp in amazement." A fragrant smell arrived nearby and Xun Er"s gentle laughter silver bell-like laughter washed over Xiao Yan.
Touching his nose Xiao Yan began to laugh.
"Originally I also believed that Xiao Yan ge-ge didn"t know any Dou Techniques but who would have thought that you hid them so well." Carrying her delicate hands behind her back Xun Er followed behind Xiao Yan while tilting her head slightly to the side. Her smile was full of emotions
u""Haha Im nowhere near as secretive as you Xun Er. Last time at the Dou Technique hall that Dou Technique wasn"t too common either." The corners of Xiao Yan"s mouth arched up as he turned around and spoke."
Hearing that Xun Er paused. Her beautiful eyes formed crescent moons as she laughed loudly and said: "Xiao Yan ge-ge"s knowledge is really balance. If you are really interested in those Dou Techniques then Xun Er can teach you......"
Shrugging his shoulders Xiao Yan shook his head and said: "It"s fine. To bite off more than I can chew will not help. This is something I understand clearly."
"How about......Qi Methods?" Xiao Yan"s refusal was unexpected for Xun Er but her black and intelligent eyes rolled before she got an idea.
Stopping Xiao Yan squinted and said ambiguously: " Won"t we be able to go into the Qi Method Hall to look for Qi Methods in 5 days?......"
"The Xiao clan"s highest technique is just a Xuan middle level Raging Lion. Moreover Xiao Yan isn"t qualified to practice it." Xun Er used her small hand to push a strand of her fine black hair aside. She pursed her tiny mouth and she seemed like she was choosing her words carefully. A moment later she spoke softly: "Xun Er could try to get a high level Xuan Qi Method for Xiao Yan ge-ge.......how about it?"
This girl......is really wealthy. High Xuan level......at the very least it would cost a couple hundred thousand. Sighing inwardly Xiao Yan forced a smile. If he hadn"t coincidentally met with Yao Lao perhaps it would have been quite difficult for him to bridge the gap between Xun Er and him. Even if his innate talent was not lacking just Xun Er"s mysterious background was something that he could not imagine.
He secretly stroked the simple and unadorned ring. Calm filled his heart as he knew that the ring would be his secret to become strong again.
Looking down at Xun Er Xiao Yan laughed. Shaking his head slightly his soft voice held a stubborn attachment: "No need. This ge will depend on his own strength to become strong."
TL: Ge - Brother
Xun Er stopped. Blinking her sharp eyes she stared at Xiao Yan"s unstopping back. Shortly after she suddenly smiled: It seems...... in the end Xiao Yan ge-ge you really have a mysterious person behind you. Yeah......Do I need to check it?
With a somewhat pensive look she brought a finger to her forehead. After standing still for a while Xun Er helplessly shook her head. Best to leave him alone. Brother Xiao Yan hates it when others try to meddle. Since this mysterious teacher has taught him that much he probably will not harm brother


Chapter 46:The Enraged Xiao Yan
After the Coming of Age Ceremony Xiao Yan could finally take a breather. His days which were usually jam-packed with training became relaxed.
Though the ingredients he had previously bought for the Foundation Elixir were almost exhausted Xiao Yan did not consider buying any more. The him right now had finally stepped into the 8th Duan Qi and on this level the benefits of the Foundation Elixir were next to nothing.
Now even though the Foundation Elixir had lost its use Yao Lao refrained from replacing it with a new one. Instead he told Xiao Yan to use this period of time to relax and calm his mental state. The true way of training is to to train in bouts and take a break between them. Training yourself to death might backfire and lead one down the wrong path.
During these relaxed and happy days Xiao Yan who was used to toiling everyday felt bored to death but he had no choice in the matter. Everyday he would only accompany Xun Er to roam about the city. However sometimes he would go behind the mountains to train his Dou Techniques.
The current Xiao Yan had undoubtedly become the focus of the Xiao family. Wherever he went gazes of reverence stuck to him him like shadows. And the few respectful greetings here and there made Xiao Yan wonder at the difference in treatment before and after his display.
......
"Peng!"
In the thick and lush forest of the back mountains a strong looking monkey-like shadow dodged and jumped with unbelievable speed. It moved through the forest quickly and nimbly dodging all obstacles in its path. Then with a heavy thud a punch containing Qi and ferocious strength cracked a tree trunk that was at least 2-3 metres wide. The crack on the tree spread out continuously and at last with a "Bang!" the tree snapped in half.
Nimbly avoiding the falling tree Xiao Yan jumped on top of a rock. He aimed his right hand towards his clothes which were hanging on the fallen tree and a spiral of force suddenly appeared pulling the clothes towards his palm.
Wiping the sweat from his brow Xiao Yan let out a puff of air and slowly put his clothes on.
Wearing his clothes messily Xiao Yan"s eyebrows suddenly perked up. He squinted his eyes as he looked towards the outside of the woods and let out a chuckle.
Xiao Yan"s mouth twitched into a grim smile as he brushed aside the leaves on his shoulders and started walking out of the forest.
Out in the woods the light from the sun fell down onto his body seeping into his bones and imparting a warm cozy feeling deep down. Covering his eyes as he adjusted to the sunlight Xiao Yan slightly tilted his head and saw the form of a woman on a rock not too far away from him.
The sun illuminated the tall graceful girl"s delicate figure highlighting her captivating curves - especially her pair of long slender sexy legs.
Looking over at Xiao Yu who was sitting quietly on the rock Xiao Yan rested his hands on the back of his head and slowly walked towards the giant rock. He looked up at the impassive beauty; his gaze fell particularly long on her pair of sensual legs lingering there for more than a moment. He then sniffled and let out a haughty comment "Your legs are beautiful. No need to show them off....."
With just a few words the cold Xiao Yu"s charming face turned dark.
Her chest heaving slightly Xiao Yu bit down her teeth and coldly replied "Do you know why I came looking for you?"
"To beat me up?" Withdrawing his hands from his nose Xiao Yan casually guessed laughing a little.
"My brother was seriously wounded by your punch and now is stuck in bed unable to move. Since you were so ruthless I as his sister cannot let him be thrashed without payback." Xiao Yu"s beautiful pair of eyes glared at Xiao Yan full of malice.
His mouth forming into cynical grin Xiao Yan slanted his head and sneered "Then tell me from your point of view in such an instance should I have remained still and took his attack letting him break my arm in the process?"
Xiao Yu bit her scarlet lips. She still stubbornly fixed her eyes on Xiao Yan her eyes filled with hatred not diminished in the slightest.
"No. If he really shattered my arm your heart would only grieve for the unlucky me for a few minutes at most. Then you wouldn"t feel any guilt you wouldn"t even care if I were crippled for the rest of my life. Haha. It"s still that same old story again. You Xiao Yu with a personality like yours one that enjoys discriminating without reason what else can you do? I really freaking hate people like you. If your brother is a human am I not then a human too?!" Xiao Yan"s anger rose with every sentence and in the end he couldn"t help but resort to vulgar language.
"F*** you. "A Big chest but no brains" that\s the best way to describe idiotic woman like you."
"Xiao Yan you little bastard. Shut your mouth!"
Her face contorted in anger turning green and white in frustration. Finally Xiao Yu lashed out unable to endure Xiao Yan anymore after his last bout of cursing.
Looking at Xiao Yu"s beautiful face turn ashen Xiao Yan"s eyes filled with burning anger as he sneered and smacked his lips: His heart held a hint of glee.
Taking a deep breath Xiao Yu slowly quelled the anger in her heart and used her seductive long legs to jump down from the boulder. She gritted her teeth as she said: "No matter what I won"t let a little bastard like you off easy today." After saying that she stepped forward with her left foot and gracefully moving her delicate body her right leg stretched forward with air whistles as she ruthlessly aimed a kick at both of Xiao Yan"s legs.
With her sudden movement Xiao Yan could only curse and quickly jump back barely avoiding Xiao Yu"s kick.
"Hmph no matter how talented you are you are just an 8 Duan Qi. If I don"t teach you a lesson today your arrogance may reach as high as the skies." Looking at Xiao Yan who was constantly dodging her attacks she laughed coldly as her long slender legs danced in the air like a hurricane. The violent kicks brought about gusts of strong wind tossing the leaves on the ground about.
Xiao Yu having the strength of a 3 Star Dou Zhe was by far stronger than Xiao Ning. In such a quick onslaught of attacks Xiao Yan couldn"t even find a chance to counter-attack; he could only dodge.
In spite only being able to dodge Xiao Yu"s relentless flurry of kicks Xiao Yan"s face retained its calm. He squinted slightly and with a sharp gaze he constantly searched his opponent for weaknesses to exploit.
Xiao Yan blocked Xiao Yu"s continuous barrage of kicks with his arms but with each blow his arms grew a little more sore. Really it seemed that Xiao Yu wasn"t a complete idiot; she didn"t go all out to deal with Xiao Yan and although her attacks seemed aggressive they would at most cause short-term injuries.
Looking at Xiao Yan"s hurriedly retreating figure Xiao Yu"s red lips lifted up in satisfaction. She tiptoed forward a little and once again ferociously prepared to spring an attack.
But when she started her attacks Xiao Yan who has been evading her ever since the start suddenly went from a docile sheep to become a ferocious wolf. With Xiao Yan"s curled palms pointing at her Xiao Yu felt a strong suction force suddenly pull her in and she stumbled forward.
As her body leaned forward the Dou Qi in Xiao Yu"s body rapidly pooled at her feet. She was about to stand firm on the ground however the suction force abruptly disappeared and in its place was a powerful pushing force.....
With a pull and a push Xiao Yu finally lost her balance and staggered back a few steps unexpectedly falling and landing on her butt.
Being suddenly pushed down by Xiao Yan"s sudden burst of skills Xiao Yu seemed extremely shocked. She actually forgot to quickly get back up and when she finally snapped out of her daze and tried to react a figure resembling a ferocious tiger descended from the skies and pinned her fast to the ground.
"Motherf***ker this master is going to rape you today!"
u"TL: Note that thisnovel doesnt... Ill just let the next chapter explain it..."
The bruises on his face and injuries all over his body made Xiao Yan suck in a breath as his two hands pinned Xiao Yu"s pulse on her pale wrists.


Chapter 47:Blasphemy
u"Xiao Yu was startled after hearing Xiao Yaos vulgar words. With each passing second as she struggled against her holder with all her might her face grew redder with exertion and anger. However Xiao Yan proved to be stronger; he began to clamp down more tightly onto Xiao Yu"s wrists causing her hands to slowly numb."
After uselessly struggling for another short period of time Xiao Yu was forced to give up her futile endeavor. She feeling deep shame glowered at Xiao Yan her ample chest heaving slightly as she scolded him "Little bastard. Let me go!"
Xiao Yan opened his mouth wincing at the waves of pain washing the bruises caused him. He took a few deep breaths and looked down sneering."Let you go? Did I get hit for nothing? I said I was going to rape you today!"
To have someone many years younger than her pin her down and also have that person threaten repeatedly to rape her Xiao Yu didn"t know whether to cry or laugh as she firmly believed that Xiao Yan would not do such a thing.
Twisting her wrists Xiao Yu still couldn"t get away. She could only bat her eyes at him and snort at the absurdity of the situation. "You little bastard you haven"t even grown yet. Say those things when you"ve actually matured"
With his manhood being called into question Xiao Yan immediately furrowed his brows. Lowering his head he maliciously responded "You want to try me?"
Feeling somewhat threatened by Xiao Yan"s intense stare Xiao Yu swallowed heavily. Being the arrogant person she was she wouldn"t submit. She instead stubbornly lifted her snow white chin and with a cold smile taunted "If you dare try I"ll castrate you!"
Pursing his lips Xiao Yan felt frustration as he looked down at this woman. If he were asked Xiao Yan even though terribly annoyed with Xiao Yu didn"t want to go as far as committing such a terrible crime like rape. No matter how you said it she was still his older cousin.
But given the circumstances if Xiao Yan were to back down wouldn"t he have suffered for nothing?
Eyes slightly narrowing Xiao Yan bit his lips. Suddenly fiercely he pushed her down and pressed himself tightly against her body.
Xiao Yan"s abrupt movement stunned Xiao Yu and her mouth opened slightly; she still hadn"t registered the shock of being violated.
As Xiao Yan ignored the suddenly quiet Xiao Yu he quickly pinned both of her hands with his left to the ground. At the same time his right hand snaked down her long slender legs caressing them. Xiao Yan had understood long ago one thing: she placed a high value on her legs abnormally high actually even when considering the fact that they ensnared the hearts of men.
At the feeling of Xiao Yan"s hand on her legs Xiao Yu stiffene before giving off a violent screech.
With his ears slightly ringing Xiao Yan finished touching her and jumped away like a monkey proceeding to quickly flee down the mountain. He knew she would go crazy after such treatment.
The screams continued for quite a while before they slowly abated. Xiao Yu"s face was flushed crimson with anger and her eyes blazed with white hot fury as she stared down the barely visible blur at the foot of the mountain. Gnashing her teeth she sharpley yelled "Xiao Yan you little bastard. I"ll cut you into ten-thousand pieces!"
The distant figure remained quiet stealthy disappearing from her field of vision soon after.
"Bastard bastard bastard!"
Watching Xiao Yan"s figure disappear her face turned ugly as she smashed the ground next to her with both fists.
After venting her fury by bashing the nearby scenery for a good while Xiao Yu finally calmed down. She blushed looking down at the several indistinct hand prints dotting her legs each left a numbness in her legs.
Xiao Yu clenched her teeth and propped herself up fighting the weak feeling racking her body and wanted to cry upon seeing her messy clothes. Not only had she failed to teach the little brat a lesson she was taken advantage of by him; the results of the encounter left a bitter taste in her mouth.
Thinking back on Xiao Yan"s actions Xiao Yu felt shame and anger well up. This time however she didn"t draw her sword and chase him like she did years ago.
She was an adult now and naturally couldn"t act like before letting everyone in the clan know that her thighs had been touched by that brat. Xiao Yu stood there thinking for a bit before stomping her feet and cursing in a low voice "Little bastard you better not give me an opportunity otherwise it won"t be pretty!"
Xiao Yu wrinkled her nose letting her fine black hair drift in the wind. She dusted off her messy clothes straightening them up a bit then somewhat dejectedly started slowly heading down the mountain.
......
u"After restlessly fleeing down the mountain Xiao Yan quickly behind a bush at the foot of the mountain with cool beads of sweat running down his back. It wasnt until he saw Xiao Yu pass by that he could let out a sigh of relief."
He rubbed his nose and unconsciously swung his right arm across his chest and grabbed his other arm. Looking off with a dreamy look on his face he whispered "Compared with a few years ago touching her now feels much better..."
"Ai in front of this stupid woman I can never hold back my temper. It looks like my childhood grievances really do run deeper than normal." Xiao Yan bitterly laughed as he twisted his neck. Taking a deep breath he pushed away the thought. After once again regaining his former tranquil state of mind he slowly headed out.
Walking away from his hiding spot Xiao Yan suddenly stopped and somewhat embarrassed turned his head to look at the black-clothed maiden leaning against a tree in the distance. He awkwardly laughed "Xun Er what are you doing here?"
The distant Xun Er was lazily leaning against the tree. The purple belt around her small waist flowed freely in the wind as her beautiful eyes swept over Xiao Yan. A fake smile was on her face as she said "Xiao Yan ge-ge I just saw Xiao Yu angrily walking by. Could it be that you provoked her again?"
Embarrassedly touching his nose Xiao Yan walked forward and dryly chucked "Who knows why she"s in a bad mood again..."
Watching the laughing Xiao Yan Xun Er couldn"t help but shake her head. "Whenever Xiao Yan ge-ge is around with Xiao Yu he inevitably can"t think clearly and does some shocking things."
Hearing Xun Er"s words Xiao Yan felt a little guilty but he innocently shrugged his shoulders and said "You know I was forced to."
Lightly laughing Xun Er pursed her small lips. Her hands held behind her back; her maiden"s graceful beauty was rather moving.
"Tomorrow is a day for going to the Qi Method Pavilion to look for new techniques. Xiao Yan ge-ge should prepare." She said as she left but the sound lingered on.


Chapter 48:Qi Method Pavilion
Standing within the group Xiao Yan lifted his head to look at the colossal pavilion in front of him and let out a sigh marvelling at the amazing view before him.
On the sign in front of the building were three engraved words - "Qi Method Pavilion" - which exuded ancient grandeur. The signboard in front had a slight yellow hue and coupled with the chips and dents that covered its body it was obvious that this place had gone through the vicissitudes of time.
This was the most important place in the entire Xiao clan: the Qi Method Pavilion!
Every single Qi Method that the clan has gathered for the past hundreds of years were all stored here. These techniques were the foundation on which the Xiao Clan secured its status to this day.
As the most important place of the clan the security on the pavilion was extremely stringent. On every other day it was essentially a forbidden place that even Xiao clan members were prohibited from entering. It was only after the Coming of Age Ceremony that this place would be temporarily opened to the clan.
Squinting his eyes Xiao Yan briefly swept his gaze across the several hidden corners of the pavilion that were concealed by shadows. His keen soul perception informed him that every movement made in this place was being closely monitored by the guards that were concealing themselves.
In several hidden places within the pavilion Xiao Yan noticed that powerful auras were lurking unseen. It seemed that the clan really held this Qi Method Pavilion in great esteem.
Slightly turning his head Xiao Yan exchanged a quick glance with Xun Er. Both of them noticed a hint of a smile in the other"s eyes. Clearly the guards that were hidden in the surrounding area had been detected by the two of them.
......
"I have already announced the rules regarding entry into the Qi Method Pavilion many times in the past so I shall not repeat them in detail again. In short after entering the Qi Method Pavilion all of you are to return within 2 hours In addition each person is permitted to only 1 Qi Method which is to be compatible with their attribute. You may not take more than that. If anyone tries to sneak away with more that person will forfeit his or her right to obtain a Qi Method. Therefore all of you best take heed!" Standing at the top of the stairs Xiao Zhan"s commanding gaze swept across the youths below him as he said this in a solemn tone.
"Yes!" The group shouted excitedly in reply. Everyone stared at the gigantic pavilion with fiery eyed desire. Obtaining a better Qi Method was equivalent to gaining a head start over one"s peers directly putting themselves in the lead. This had always been something that every clan member deeply desired.
"Since you are all clear on the rules let us begin then."
Xiao Zhan nodded in satisfaction. He took a step back and revealed a stone pillar that was in front of the pavilion"s doors. The pillar was around 1 meter in height and atop it rested a clear crystal ball.
With a flourish of his hand two guards that were behind started pushing at the enormous black door the doors produced a low creak as they slowly opened.
"After determining your attribute you may enter the pavilion. Remember upon entering follow the passage marked with your corresponding attribute. Do not accidentally wander onto the wrong path!" Nodding his head towards the crowd Xiao Zhan gestured for the test to begin.
Seeing Xiao Zhan"s signal a youth in front excitedly jumped onto the stairs. As he laid both of his hands onto the crystal ball a faint green glow was issued.
"Wind attribute. Ok you may enter." Xiao Zhan took a sideways glance at the crystal ball and nodded with a smile.
Since someone had already taken the lead everyone below could no longer remain still. One by one they rushed up the stairs and upon determining their attribute swarmed en masse the Qi Method Pavilion.
Seeing the crowd thin around him around him Xiao Yan touched his nose and smiled at Xun Er "Let"s go see what kind of technique we can get our hands on."
Xun Er cutely laid her hands out. The clan"s Qi Methods actually did not attract her in the least. However. since Xiao Yan was interested she would happily accompany him.
Because the pair was not in any rush it wasn"t until everyone else had already gone in that they started to slowly walk up the stairs. Seeing this Xiao Zhan could only give them a helpless look.
Xiao Yan flashed a toothy grin at Xiao Zhan and touched the crystal ball with his palm. A fiery red light several times brighter than any before it lit up signifying an affinity for the fire attribute.
Xiao Zhan had already known his own son"s attribute so his expression remained unchanged. With a slight nod his eyes suddenly darted across the surrounding area and then he inconspicuously took a step forward. Letting out a cough Xiao Zhan bent forward and uttered in a soft voice " Passage of Fire path 3 room 43!"
Upon hearing what Xiao Zhan said Xiao Yan was initially shocked but immediately found it amusing as he came to to realize that his father was actually abusing his authority for his son. After giving an almost unnoticeable nod Xiao Yan stood aside to observe. It was now Xun Er"s turn to be tested.
Xun Er looked at the shiny crystal ball and hesitated for a moment. Then as she shook her head with a reluctant look she lightly prodded at the crystal ball with a slim finger.
Following Xun Er"s touch the crystal ball that had just quieted down suddenly burst forth in red light again. For the briefest of moments the ball became as hot and dazzling as a fireball.
Astounded by the crystal ball that had now turned into a ball of flame Xiao Zhan"s mouth dropped open a little as he involuntarily took in a sharp breath.
The fireball persisted for a short period of time and it was only until Xun Er retracted her finger that the flames slowly began to die. After the light died down one could see various thin cracks covering the entire crystal ball.
Bitterly looking at the crystal ball that was on the verge of shattering Xiao Zhan could only let out a sigh. Looking at Xun Er with a gaze that seemed to be filled with some hidden meaning he waved his arm and said "Hurry up and go in."
"Tsk such a pure body of fire. Such a shame that she was not born with an affinity for the wood attribute. Otherwise she would have been a natural born Alchemist." While Xiao Yan remained shocked from the incident that occurred before him he heard Yao Lao"s voice that was filled with amazement.
Nodding silently in his heart Xiao Yan looked at Xun Er who was walking towards him. Letting out a shrug he turned around and walked into the Qi Method Pavilion.
Xiao Zhan"s eyes lingered on the two people who walked into the Qi Method Pavilion side by side and then returned to look at the crystal ball. It had finally broken into several pieces with a "ka cha" sound. He stroked his chin and mumbled to himself. "Sigh this really is... this really is way too remarkable. This girl Xun Er not only does she have a good temperament she is also a real beauty too. But her background is also extremely terrifying. She is incomparably better than that Nalan Yanran. If only Yan Er could have a bride like her how nice that would be......"
After saying his thoughts out loud Xiao Zhan shook his head and burst into laughter ridiculing himself. He could not believe that he actually entertained such a wild fantasy.
While Xiao Zhan was laughing at himself he didn"t realize that Xun Er who was about to enter the pavilion stiffened while her delicate ears turned just like the crystal ball from earlier fiery red and alluring.


Chapter 49:Selecting a Qi Method
It was a little dim after stepping passed the pitch black door. Gentle lights shone from within the fire pearls that hung on the surrounding walls giving the spacious pavilion a deep and quiet ambiance.
The pavilion had several wide passages branching out from the main entrance. At the start of each passage there were large inscriptions that described the elements each passage was home to.
Xiao Yan"s eyes swept through each passage before they finally stopped on the Passage of Fire on the far left. Slightly feeling his nose he turned his head sideways. However what came into his view was a shyly blushing Xun Er. Astounded he asked "Xun Er what is it?"
"Ah?" Being brought back to her senses by Xiao Yan"s voice Xun Er"s crimson face actually reddened even more. It took her a few moments to gradually recover before she wrinkled her nose at Xiao Yan and replied in an indifferent tone "It was nothing let"s hurry up and look for a Qi Method."
Xiao Yan made a baffled expression but then pointed towards the Passage of Fire and said with a smile "Let"s go."
Xun Er indifferently nodded while a hint of red still lingered on her face.
Glancing sideways at Xun Er"s attractive little face Xiao Yan"s heart couldn"t help but skip a beat. He hurriedly led the way looking only straight ahead.
......
The Passage of Fire branched into five smaller paths. Within each path the shadows of several clan members could be vaguely seen.
"Passage of Fire path three." After a quick glance Xiao Yan led Xun Er directly into the third path.
What was within this path appeared to be a completely different world. On both sides of the path several meters apart from each other were thick red-colored wooden doors. At this moment all the doors were wide open but within each open door was a faint red light curtain.
This red curtain was a type of defensive barrier. At the same time it also served as the final test for the youths of the clan. If someone wished to obtain the Qi Method within they had to first break this barrier.
There were already quite a few clan members who had entered this path. These people were now standing in front of several different wooden doors viciously striking at the red barrier with flushed faces. Occasionally the sounds of barriers breaking were heard accompanied by celebratory cheers that rang out from within the pavilion. During those times those who were still attacking the barriers with all their might couldn"t help but show faces full of envy.
Xiao Yan and Xun Er slowly walked along the path slightly enjoying themselves watching the clan members on both sides who burned with ardor.
After taking a turn at another corner Xiao Yan looked at the number engraved on the wooden door beside him. It showed number 37.
He touched his nose and smiled before hurrying ahead. Finally he stopped in front of the door marked with the number 43 and light-heartedly said "So this is it."
Within the path there were still more than ten clan members around. All of them were dumbfounded when they saw Xiao Yan stopping in front of room Number 43. This room actually had the toughest barrier in that particular path. Earlier on several decently skilled clan members had tried to break the barrier however all of them ran into a wall.
Unconcerned about the surprised gazes thrown his way Xiao Yan slowly laid his palm on the light barrier.
"Xiao Yan Ge-ge by doing this is what Uncle Xiao did considered abusing his authority for personal gain?" Seeing Xiao Zhan"s actions Xun Er playfully winked her eye and softly asked with a bemused smile.
After having gauged the thickness of the barrier Xiao Yan turned his head around and answered with feigned ferociousness "Little girl you better act as if you haven"t seen or heard anything. Otherwise......"
Amused by Xiao Yan"s expression Xun Er flashed a smile and wrinkled her exquisite face. This kind of girlish behavior instantly caused the surrounding members to become goggle-eyed.
After returning a teasing smile Xiao Yan took two steps back and stood with his legs slightly apart. Slowly he balled up his fist and closed his eyes. Then the Dou Qi inside his body started to circulate following a specific pathway at a high speed.
Xun Er was lazily leaning against a wall her beautiful curves perfectly wrapped up in her tight fitting clothings. Currently her eyes were tightly locked onto Xiao Yan who was gathering his Dou Qi. Inside those blinking eyes pale golden flames flickered.
"Hah!" His eyes suddenly opened. Following that Xiao Yan"s feet abruptly kicked off the ground. With a quick rotation of his body in midair his back now faced the barrier. Next his right elbow retracted as a mild wind piercing screech sounded. Finally he heavily punched the red light barrier as he twisted himself.
"Octane Blast!"
Giving a suppressed shout in his mind Xiao Yan"s fist violently pounded against the barrier. Immediately ripples started to quickly spread out from the center of the barrier.
"Break!" Following his shout and witnessed by more than ten shocked onlookers the red light curtain shattered like glass!
Xiao Yan slowly exhaled his breath. With a shake of his arms multiple popping sounds came from under his sleeve before his sleeve softened.
Off to the side watching the now shattered red barrier Xun Er lightly clapped her hands and nodded with pouted lips before she said "That is a good battle technique. The attack power is very strong!"
Xiao Yan cracked his neck and stretched his arms before he replied indifferently "It was only so-so."
Having heard Xiao Yan"s statement those other members in the path suddenly felt their chest tightening. Such a ridiculous battle technique was only so-so? Truly a trauma inducing statement......
"Hehe let"s go and see what kind of technique is kept inside." Xiao Yan turned his chin towards the room that had a slightly reddish hue before taking the lead to enter.
The inside of the room was considerably brighter but it was not a very spacious room. In the center of the small room was a stone table where a dark red colored scroll quietly laid.
Xiao Yan walked up to the scroll and picked it up with a hint of amusement. He read the words written at the back of the scroll "High Huang Qi Method: Incinerating Flame!"
"This is indeed not bad. It is actually the clan"s best Fire Attribute Qi Method. Hehe seems like Uncle Xiao has spent a lot of effort for the benefit of Xiao Yan Ge-ge." Soft laughter came from behind him.
Xiao Yan nodded with a smile. He felt a sense of warmth in his heart.
A snow white hand suddenly shot out from behind Xiao Yan and took away the dark red scroll from his hands. With her head tilted as she held the scroll Xun Er said softly "Xiao Yan Ge-ge even though you might be able to obtain higher leveled Qi Method in the future the fact is your progress in the future will be determined by the level of training technique that you used when you first started. High Huang Qi Method... it is actually a bit low."
Xiao Yan nodded with a faint smile.
Seeing Xiao Yan"s calm expression Xun Er slightly frowned then let out a sigh. With a flick of her fingers an ancient looking scroll appeared in her hand. The scroll"s color was like that of a red agate.
"This is a fire attribute High Xuan Qi Method: Flame Manipulation!"
Xun Er fondled the scroll and said softly "Xiao Yan Ge-ge does not need to reject my offer to save face. Xun Er also knows that you are not someone who is overly pedantic. A high leveled Qi Method is extremely beneficial for your future so......"
Looking at Xun Er who was holding a scroll in each hand Xiao Yao let out a bitter laugh and shook his head. He extended his hand to pat her on the head then proceeded to take back the scroll with the High Huang training technique. This was done under Xun Er"s somewhat hurt expression.
"Xiao Yan Ge-ge......" Xun Er curled her mouth and showed a saddened expression. Her watery eyes were mesmerizing to behold.
"Hehe thank you Xun Er. I am not rejecting your offer to preserve my reputation." With a gentle smile Xiao Yan leaned forward and spoke softly into her ear.
"Xiao Yan Ge-ge can obtain an even better Qi Method......"


Chapter 50:Help?
Watching Xiao Yan leave the room with the Qi Method Xun Er shook her head. With helplessness in her voice she said "I\ll believe you for now."
Xiao Yan looked at the other clan members each shocked while walking out of the room.. With a gentle shrug of his shoulders he waited for Xun Er before the two aimlessly wandered forward casually chatting away.
Since they had two hours together Xun Er and Xiao Yan were not in a rush to head outside. Because the Qi Method Pavilion was normally forbidden to everyone it was a rare opportunity to be in it today. Thus they decided to satisfy their curiosity.
Right when they were about to leave the pathway of fire Xun Er casually entered a small room and fetched Low Xuan Qi Method scroll. Accompanying Xiao Yan they then continued on down the other hallways.
Today would be the noisiest day of the year in the Qi Method Pavilion. Every single hallway had a great multitude of people packed between its walls while each person had a markedly excited look in their eyes as they smashed against the red energy curtains. Every time a curtain broke another shout of excitement could be heard.
In this enjoyable atmosphere even Xiao Yan had a faint smile on his small face.
Walking out from another hallway Xiao Yan took a look at the time. Stretching he laughed while looking at Xun Er "We should be going; it"s almost time."
Nodding indifferently Xun Er followed Xiao Yan around a corner before heading directly towards the exit of the Qi Method Pavilion.
u"After walking by one of the paths Xiao Yans eyebrows rose up in surprise. Not too far away he could see a red dress that belonged to Xiao Mei. Her charming face blushed as she wandered continuously around the front of the barrier. Based on her appearance it looked like she was trying everything she could to get the Qi Method but wasnt able to break the barrier..."
Today Xiao Mei was wearing beautiful red clothing with a slightly tight skirt and a ribbon around her waist; which tied itself closely around her waist.
Right now her pure and lovely face looked anxious as her eyebrows knitted together cutely. The clansmen around her were practically falling over themselves trying to talk to her.
......
Xiao Mei"s mood was getting worse by the second; she was basically near desperation. Before today her father had secretly told her a room number telling her that it was imperative to grab hold of that Qi Method. After conceiving every method possible and spending hours and hours he finally got a snippet of information from the ones responsible for the arrangement of the Qi Method Pavilion. He knew that if Xiao Mei could get a Wind Attribute High Huang Qi Method then she would be ahead of everyone else in the race for power.
Although Xiao Mei"s father got the right room number he neglected to take into account the sturdiness of the barrier on the room. Xiao Mei had been outside of the room for an hour straight but she had been unable to break through its protections and even though other clansmen were drooling at the thought of helping her they couldn"t even shake it. The protective curtain could only be attacked by one person at a time and if the barrier detected two or more people trying to break through it it would boost its defenses. In the end it was like trying to draw water using a bucket with a hole.
By now two hours had already gone by. If she couldn"t break the protections on the room soon then Xiao Mei would end up leaving empty handed. Thinking about the consequences of not being able to get a single Qi Method Xiao Mei"s lovely eyes could not help but begin to water.
With a misty gaze she shook her head with a bitter smile. Looking around her beautiful eyebrows rose up as she saw someone familiar.
Not too far away was a black clothed young man holding both of his hands behind his head with a tranquil look on his face.
Wiping at her face in a hurry Xiao Mei had already given up but the appearance of Xiao Yan had brought new hope. Erasing any traces of her tears her teeth bit into her red lips as she walked over to Xiao Yan in hopes that he would help her.
The other clansmen around Xiao Mei looked at her new change in appearance and followed her gaze to find Xiao Yan. Their low chatter slowly died down as their gazes had a hint of respect.
For a moment the originally noisy walkway immediately became silent.
Even under a dozen or so gazes Xiao Yan still walked forward with a look of indifference. Without even a sideways glance towards Xiao Mei who couldn"t formulate her words he walked past her...
With her red lips slightly open Xiao Mei looked at Xiao Yan who had just ignored her stunned at the treatment she received. After a while her beautiful face became filled with self deprecation as she gently shook her head. The anger that rose in her dissipated quickly as she remembered the attitude she had shown towards Xiao Yan for the past three years.
"Ha ha this must be retribution I really am a loathsome person. You reap what you sow....." Xiao Mei gently squatted down to the ground. Her shoulders were twitching slightly as a stifled cry echoed throughout the quiet passageway.
Looking at Xiao Mei who looked like an abandoned kitten as she sat on the ground the surrounding young clansmen sighed sadly while shaking their heads.
Xiao Mei sobbed lightly as she squatted on the ground. But she suddenly sensed something wrong in the atmosphere and slowly lifted her crying face only to be startled.
The youth who had been walking away had turned back and was walking slowly towards Xiao Mei with his hands behind his head.
"Get out of the way." Xiao Yan said indifferently as he glanced at Xiao Mei.
"Ah? Oh......." The startled Xiao Mei recovered immediately with joy returning to her pretty face and like an obedient child she made way for him.
Under the curious yet grateful gaze of those who were present Xiao Yan stood before the curtain which guarded the door. With his palm extended the boy breathed in lightly.
Everybody remained silent. Then suddenly like thunder he moved. Twisting his body Xiao Yan lifted his foot and like a whip it went forward. Making a "Kaka" sound it tore through the surrounding air.
"Bang!" The ruthless kick landed on the barrier causing ripples to rapidly pulse through it. Finally it broke under the shocked gaze of everyone.
His foot remained in the air for a while before Xiao Yan slowly brought his leg down to the ground. Twisting his neck a little he turned away and then walked towards the far away Xun Er.
"Biao-ge ... ... Thank you ... ... I am sorry." Xiao Mei timidly thanked Xiao Yan passing by her.
"Yeah."
Xiao Yan glanced at the girl who had lost all of her arrogance and gave her a slight nod before disappearing from the admiring eyes of the other clansmen.


Chapter 51:Relief
Nearing the heavy door there were more than 10 guards with indifferent eyes standing firmly before the gate barring it. At one corner of the gate in a chair sat an aloof looking man. In his hands was a pen and a thick book.
At this moment many clansmen lined up in a row in front of the old man each one of them had brought whatever Qi Method to him so they could sign it out. After doing so they carefully left the pavilion under the cold stares of the 10 or more guards.
This was the procedure to leave the Qi Method Pavilion. Before entering the Qi Method Pavilion Xiao Yan and everyone else was informed about the procedure therefore it was not something unexpected.
The Qi Method Pavilion was a place where all of the clan"s Qi Methods were held; methods that were acquired painstakingly by the clan for over dozens of generations. These Qi Methods were the foundation of Xiao Clan thus the clan had extremely protective measures on the methods.
The Clan had their Qi Method scrolls made out of a special type of bamboo. The bamboo could be defined as a mother-son. The mother part was the size of the palm while the son part would be able to grow as large as a dozen meters. Since the technique scrolls were made from this special material as long as the clan chief held onto the mother part there was no way that anyone could sneak away with a scroll. The moment one left the area with a son scroll the mother scroll would notify everyone.
The Parent"s area of influence just happened to cover the entire Xiao Clan. Therefore once a technique scroll leaves the Xiao Clan it is detected. Of course nothing is absolute in this world. An individual with powerful enough Dou Qi could forcefully destroy the connection between the scrolls. However with power at that level why would one bother to steal Huang level Qi Methods...?
It was finally Xiao Yan"s turn after waiting in line for a period of time. Walking to the front he withdrew a Qi Method from his pocket and gave it to the old man.
Receiving the dark red scroll from Xiao Yan left the old man slightly surprised. His eyes quickly appraised the boy as he thought to himself "This the Burning Flame Refinement was protected by a shield with the power of a 9th DuanQi. This little brat to think he could actually get through it.... It would seem he has some skills after all."
After recording that Xiao Yan had that scroll the old man returned it to him and indifferently cautioned "I think you know the rules right?"
"The scroll can"t leave the clan otherwise there will be severe consequences! You must return the scroll after one year! There must be no damage to it."
Casually nodding his head Xiao Yan moved to the side. He leaned on the front door and waited for Xun Er"s scroll to be recorded.
Flashing Xiao Yan a light smile Xun Er extended her snow white wrist and took out her scroll.
Seeing Xun Er standing in front of him the emotionless face of the old man suddenly let a out a hint of a respectful smile. Using both hands to receive the scroll he then quickly recorded the borrower of the scroll.
Standing off to the side Xiao Yan narrowed his eyes at the old man after seeing the change in his attitude. Xiao Yan fingers curled instinctively slightly. Since this old man was in charge of the Qi Method Pavilion his position in the clan was comparable to that of one of the 3 elders.
Xiao Yan had heard that this old man"s nickname in the clan Cold hearted Xiao Han. This old guy even if it was to his own father would still talk in a foreign manner. An old emotionless face like the muscles of the recently dead stiff with rigor mortis. .
This cold faced old man who didn"t even respect the clan elder was acting so respectful before Xun Er. This once again kindled Xiao Yan"s interest in Xun Er"s identity.
Rubbing his nose he thought about how each time Xun Er was silent about her identity. Lifting his head he saw Xun Er coming over with a smile on her face. With a shrug of his shoulders he left with her through the front door.
Bursting out from the crowded entrance Xiao Yan breathed fresh air. The atmosphere inside the Qi Method Pavilion was far too oppressive to breathe normally.
"What\s wrong Yan Er?" Low laughter greeted Xiao Yan as a figure came into view. Looking through the Qi Method Pavilion"s door the figure asked with a smile.
Tilting his head to smile at his father Xiao Yan nodded back with a smile of his own. A red scroll came out from inside his sleeves "I got it."
Seeing the red scroll Xiao Zhan gave a sharp intake of air "It\s a good thing you were able to get it." He said in a low voice.
Seeing his father"s expression Xiao Yan couldn"t help but roar with pride filled laughter alongside him.
Extending his arm to clap Xiao Yan\s shoulder Xiao Zhan smiled "Now that you have a Qi Method once you become a Dou Zhe then you\ll be able to practice Dou Qi for real."
Xiao Yan nodded obediently as he returned the red scroll back up his sleeves. He could not help but think softly "Hmm I don"t know what"s that special about that Qi Method. A Qi Method that can evolve...is that even possible?"
"It"s even stranger than a Tian level Qi Method..." Trying to recall the strange yet arrogant words of Yao Lao. Xiao Yan shook his head with a bitter laugh. He had just come across one of the finest Qi Methods in his life: Xun Er"s High Xuan level Qi Method: Flame Manipulation. To be honest he had an internal struggle when he declined it. After all Qi Methods of that caliber were not only expensive but extremely rare.
Massaging his forehead with an open palm he was starting to regret declining Xun Er"s kindness but the deed had already been done it was too late. Xiao Yan did not have the face to ask Xun Er again for it so he had no choice but to pray that Yao Lao was not playing around with him. Otherwise he would be the biggest loser out of everyone.
"Hmph it"s only High Xuan there"s nothing special about that. Even though she isn"t normal her collection of Qi Methods can"t possibly compare to mine." Right when Xiao Yan was praying that Yao Lao didn"t deceive Yao Lao gave a slight humph and started speaking.
"At last you say something..." Hearing the voice within his own thoughts Xiao Yan scratched his nose. His mouth twitched upwards into a pleasant smile as he spoke; his point of saying so much was so that he could force that old geezer to say something calming.
"Ai...you tiny brat trying to deceive me..." An echo came out from within Xiao Yan"s mind. Yao Lao didn"t know whether to laugh or cry and instead said "Brat keep on practicing Dou Qi. Qi Methods are not something for you to worry about: mine won"t be shabby. In the future your achievements won"t be lower than that little girl. Her clan is only... Ahem."
Even though Xiao Yan was disappointed that the last sentence was incomprehensible he still nodded with a smile; he was given an answer to his question so he could concentrate on practicing Dou Qi so that he could become a Dou Zhe. This was the first step he had to take in order from him to become strong and...for him to find Nalan Yanran who has been on his mind for quite some time...


Chapter 52:Breakthrough
After the Qi Method selection the entire clan seemed much emptier than usual. The young clansmen who were unable to achieve 7 Duan Qi had been assigned to various clan businesses outside of the clan home where they would learn their respective tricks of the trade. The talented members of the clan those who had successfully obtained a Qi Method started to immerse themselves in rigorous training in hopes of learning their Qi Method skill as fast as possible.
As the burning sun rose high in the sky rays of heat baked the earth like an oven. Heat waves bled out of the ground causing ripples in the air making the air distorted and blurry.
Within the dense forest atop the mountain bordering the Xiao Clan...
Sunlight trickled through the dense foliage splattering the leaf-matted ground with tiny droplets of light -like a sky full of stars.
In the small forest two shadows weaved and crossed about explosions rippled the air whenever their palms met. Violent winds gushed forth from each exchange rushing through the fallen leaves and tossing them into the air.
Engaging in another fierce flurry of blows Xiao Yan used both palms to parry Xun Er"s fair hands and a muffled "boom" sound rang out with each counter. Though each attack looked light in actuality whenever one landed it would instantly turn vicious and powerful.
The corners of Xiao Yan"s mouth twitched as he was hit by a strong force strong enough to cause him to stumble back two steps. Xun Er on the other hand was starting to get bruises on her delicate palms because of all the times she got hit..
Seeing Xiao Yan stumble backwards a slight smile formed on Xun Er"s lips as her fair hands slowly danced in the air her fingers wrapped in a golden silky glow.
"Tsk tsk so strong... " Settling down the slightly shocked Xiao Yan inwardly shook his head and directed his eyes at Xun Er she had a slight smile on her face. She then licked her lips emitting a strong battle lust.
He abruptly pushed himself off the ground with the soles of his feet and dashed forward specks of mud scattered in his wake.
With a glance at the incoming Xiao Yan the corners of Xun Er"s dainty mouth lifted up as the golden glow on her hands intensified.
A small crater was left after Xiao Yan had started rushing forward. He suddenly stopped a meter away from Xun Er. So perfect was his stop it seemed as if Xiao Yan had never moved at all.
Seeing the depth of control Xiao Yan possessed over his movements Xun Er"s autumn water eyes couldn"t help but betray a sense of admiration.
"Octane Blast!"
As his running figure suddenly came to a halt his right foot pushed off the ground causing his body to spin: increasing the force of his attack. Filled with power his left leg arced through the air bringing forth an ear piercing shriek of wind. Fiercely he angled his blow at Xun Er.
Seeing Xiao Yan"s fierce incoming attack Xun Er slightly nodded her exquisite chin in response. her dainty hands formed into a strange semicircular shield of light that slammed against Xiao Yan"s left leg without hesitation.
"Bang!"
A muffled boom resounded from the clash causing the leaves on the ground to be swept up into the sky before scattering about.
Leg met fist in a momentary collision and a split second later the two figures were pushed back.
The strength of the blow was enough to push Xiao Yan"s body four to five meters into the air. As his body fell downwards he angled his right hand to face a nearby tree and emitted a suction force to negate the force of the fall. Jumping off a tree branch he landed steadily onto the ground.
Lifting his head to look at Xun Er who was likewise pushed back a few steps Xiao Yan smacked his lips and laughed asking: "What was that Dou Technique you used?"
u""High level Xuan Dou Technique: Swallow"s Return...... When mastered it is able to return the force of an opponents attack. I am only at the beginner"s level thus I can only return about 10% of the power." Xun Er smiled while replying."
Having understood a thought emerged from within Xiao Yan: "Borrowing a force to counter another......"
"This Dou Technique that Elder Brother Xiao Yan used is not bad either. If Xun Er was not a one star Dou Zhe with a power beyond yours I would be unable to withstand the strong force from that attack." Xun Er smiled her eyes forming two crescent moons.
Xiao Yan shrugged without commenting lazily twisting his neck. A high level fight caused muscle fatigue and mental exhaustion to build up.
Rubbing the sweat that was pouring like water off his face Xiao Yan silently cursed the hot and humid weather before he stripped off his shirt.
Under the shirt his young somewhat tanned and fit physique was revealed. Even though it was not considered muscular his small body hid an explosive power.
Enjoying the half naked Xiao Yan Xun Er"s beautiful face flushed.
Xiao Yan grabbed his clothes and leaned tiredly against a limestone rock. Facing Xun Er he let out a bitter laugh "Sigh it"s already been two months yet I am still stuck at the 8 Duan Qi......"
Looking at the somewhat helpless Xiao Yan Xun Er pursed her lips and giggled. Gracefully sitting down she joined Xiao Yan and leaned against the limestone rock. She retrieved the sweat filled clothes from Xiao Yan before gently drying the sweat off his body. Consoling him she said "The 8th to the 9th Duan Qi is the beginning of Dou Qi bottleneck stage. Xiao Yan ge-ge should not be impatient. When the time is right all that should be will be......" At this point Xun Er suddenly sensed a heated gaze and looking up she found Xiao Yan staring at her. Flushing red she pouted playfully: "Xiao Yan ge-ge......"
The young maiden"s gentle and playful tone was like a refreshing breeze in the humid jungle.
Because of the hot weather Xun Er wore a short light-green apron that exhibited a lovely patch of white skin below her long alluring nape. In addition to that the developing marshmellows of the young maiden were revealed by the tight contours of her clothing causing a sense of beauty in the youthful body. Faced with such a beautiful scene it was no wonder that Xiao Yan felt slightly absent-minded.
Awakened from his stupor by Xun Er Xiao Yan"s face flushed slightly. Letting out an embarrassed laugh he lay on the cooling limestone slowly closing his eyes allowing Xun Er"s pair of tiny hands to gently rub across his body.
The corners of her rosy lips slightly tipped upwards as Xun Er helped wipe Xiao Yan"s body. Without turning she secretly swept a glance across his body only to be startled to find that unknowingly he had fallen asleep.
Helplessly shaking her head Xun Er also understood that today"s high level fight had caused him to be exhausted. Wrinkling her nose she put down the clothes as a soft golden glow started to gather at her fingertips......
Sneakily taking another glance at the unresponsive Xiao Yan Xun Er laid a finger on Xiao Yan"s skin. Golden light followed the path along the finger and seeped into Xiao Yan"s body......
As golden light was transferred beads of sweat started to roll down Xun Er"s forehead and she could be seen slightly gritting her teeth. Just as she prepared to continue the transfer a surprised look flashed across her face.
As he was in a deep sleep beside the limestone an unfathomable sucking force suddenly originated from within Xiao Yan"s body. Lines of Dou Qi gathered from the surroundings and started to quickly flow into his body......
"Oh...... Is it a breakthrough?"
A gasp of shock and awe could be heard as Xun Er"s small mouth formed into the shape of an O and she quietly watched Xiao Yan as he unknowingly absorbed Dou Qi.


Chapter 53:9 Duan Qi
In the small lush forest threads of white Dou Qi flowed through the air continuously absorbed by Xiao Yan"s body as he slumbered.
Looking at Xiao Yan who had practically become an energy sink Xun Er felt pleasantly surprised. Quietly putting some distance between him she stood in silent vigil and guarded the area. If Xiao Yan were to be roused from his state of training mediation he would lose a chance to advance another level.
The success of Xiao Yan"s advancement could be said to be almost certain.
As the Dou Qi was absorbed the faint traces of fatigue on Xiao Yan"s face gradually faded away. Like a piece of warm jade his delicate and pretty face glowed with a pale light.
For the next hour these events carried on continued within the small dense forest until at last coming to the end.
u"Finally when the lasts wisps of Dou Qi entered Xiao Yan the small forest regained its original calm; the suns burning rays continued to shine down on the forest."
Even though Xiao Yan"s eyes were tightly shut his chest rose and fell in a smooth and steady manner. Xun Er seeing this let out a sigh of relief relaxed and laughed gently: "He has finally reached the 9th Duan Qi. Maybe in half a year Xiao Yan ge-ge will be able to condense a Dou Qi Cyclone and become a true Dou Zhe."
A light hearted smile on her lips Xun Er leaped onto a nearby limestone and sat down in a crosslegged position. Elbows on her knees palms supporting her chin while her fingers lay on her cheeks she waited for Xiao Yan to wake up.
......
The sky had gradually turned to dusk when Xiao Yan finally arose from his deep slumber. Blinking his eyes in confusion Xiao Yan stared blankly about before regaining his wits. Lifting his head his sight came to rest upon a figure clothed in the golden rays of the setting sun. Bright and clear like liquid water a pair of eyes met his. He smiled.
"Is Xiao Yan ge-ge finally awake?" Xun Er let out a lovable laugh as she posed the question to the recently-awakened Xiao Yan.
Smiling with a nod of his head Xiao Yan got up. Twisting his numb neck about he lazily stretched. "Pi Li Pa La" the satisfying sounds of bones cracking against each other could be heard from a body that had just raised a Duan Qi.
Dazed at the feeling of achieving a breakthrough Xiao Yan curled his hand in to a fist before uncurling it again his jaw slightly slackened and he tilted his head; his face filled with equal parts of doubt and uncertainty and he uttered: "What...... I seem to have reached the 9 Duan Qi?"
Staring at Xiao Yan"s look of bafflement with an interested look Xun Er started to laugh.
Upon seeing Xun Er"s nod Xiao Yan"s lips curled upwards into a smile. His heart was pleasantly surprised though he still didn"t know whether to laugh or cry. The last time he made a breakthrough it was when he was sleeping. This time he made another breakthrough while asleep. This way of breaking through was a bit too comical.
Vigorously punching at the air a few times in rapid succession and feeling Dou Qi that was stronger than a few hours ago Xiao Yan couldn"t help but laugh.
After getting all of his pleasant surprise out of his mind Xiao Yan was finally aware of the murky sky color. Giving an apologetic smile to Xun Er he knew that she had been waiting for him this whole time.
While putting his clothes back on he began to crack jokes with Xun Er "Not leaving? Today"s a good day so why don"t you let ge treat you to a nice meal in Wu Tang City."
TL: Ge = Brother and Ge-ge = Brother
"Xixi I want the most expensive meal then..." She responded with a light laugh of her own. Tiptoeing on the limestone for a while she gingerly dropped down next to Xiao Yan emitting a faint bell laugh that scatter across the gingerly green forest.
......
In order to thank Xun Er for waiting the whole afternoon Xiao Yan took care to take Xun Er on a stroll around Wu Tang City before parting with her in the clan.
Dragging his still somewhat excited legs back to his room Xiao Yan dropped down heavily onto his bed and hugged his quilt. With a soft murmur to himself he said "At last I am finally going to become a Dou Zhe once more..."
"Hey this breakthrough you just managed... it was due to that little girl." From the midst of the room the laughter of an old man suddenly sounded.
Raising a single eyelid Xiao Yan stared lazily at Yao Lao and furrowed his eyebrows "What does Xun Er have to do with this?"
"Eh she definitely had a part otherwise you would had taken a week to breakthrough by yourself." Yao Lao"s transparent body sat down on a chair his casual tone ringing throughout the room.
Begrudgingly shrugging his shoulders Xiao Yan threw his head back into his quilt. "Right now I"m already at 9 Duan if I want to breakthrough to become a Dou Zhe I"m afraid it"ll take me another half year or so..." After saying that he momentarily paused and threw off his quilt. His previously focused face became gloomy his voice now revealing a cold tone "One year has already passed and yet I am still not a one star Dou Zhe. If things keep on going at this rate...I"m afraid I won"t be able to catch up to Nalan Yanran in three years."
Upon hearing this Yao Lao raised an eye to look at him but remained silent.
"Nalan Yanran is being trained to be the Faction of Misty Cloud"s next Faction leader. Her talent cannot be said to be low at all and the Faction of Misty Cloud is quite strong as well. They even have the formidable alchemist Pill King Gu He amongst their ranks...if he were to help Nalan Yanran her speed would be terrifying. It would be no slower than my training speed." Xiao Yan thought aloud to himself.
Yao Lao tilted his head at Xiao Yan and saw Xiao Yan"s bright crystal like eyes focus closely on himself. Yao Lao immediately started to laugh but still made no comment.
Looking at Yao Lao"s face Xiao Yan could only roll his eyes. His words were pointless...
"Heh..."After staying silent for some time Yao Lao slowly sighed. Standing up to walk towards Xiao Yan his lips began to curl into a smile: "That Gu He fellow isn"t anything more than a 6th tier Alchemist. Is he even worthy to be called a Pill King? Other than refining pills what else can he do?"
Hearing Yao Lao talk in this manner Xiao Yan"s face suddenly adopted a smiling expression. At this moment he knew that the mysterious teacher was finally about to show his hand...
"Tomorrow you will go buy some materials. Qi Gathering Powder you will be eating it like it"s candy... I don"t believe that this Nalan will have this sort of treatment!" With both hands behind his back Yao Lao sneered proudly.


Chapter 54:Raising Money
Of course saying that he would be able to eat Qi Gathering Pills like candy was a somewhat boastful claim. However given the skills of Yao Lao with enough materials helping Xiao Yan refine tens of Qi Gathering Pills was not a problem.
However even with all the boastful claims of Yao Lao Xiao Yao had no time to feel any excitement. With each and every required material uttered by Yao Lao Xiao Yan couldn"t help but feel his heart sink lower and lower.
"Tomorrow prepare for me four 50 year old Inky Leaf Lotus flowers two Ripened Snake Venom Fruits one bundle of 20 year old Spirit Gathering Grass and a Rank 2 Water Attribute Magic Stone" Came Yao Lao"s indifferent voice and when he saw Xiao Yan"s stiff and distant look he couldn"t help but be startled. "What"s the matter?"
"50 year old Inky Leaf Lotus? Flowers that age are sold for 3000 gold coins and that"s just for a single blossom! Ripened Snake Venom Fruit? That"s considered one of the top lower grade alchemy ingredients even the pharmacies don"t carry them it would have to be through sheer luck if one were to ever obtain one and at the very least 8000 gold coins would be needed to buy just one. And the 20 year old Spirit Gather Grass? Dear god I have only heard of this item appearing in auctions only once and the starting price was at 10500 gold! Even the Rank 2 Water Attribute Magic Stone the cheapest of all the materials would require at least 2000 gold pieces." Xiao Yan"s wiped his sweaty brow and painfully let out a groan "These ingredients alone would cost me around 50000. Where in the world would I get such a large sum of money?"
"Eh..." On hearing Xiao Yan whine Yao Lao just rolled his eyes and shrugged his shoulders mockingly "Obtaining those ingredients is your problem. It has nothing to do with me; I will only be in charge of refining the ingredients."
"Dammit. The cost for everything is going to be way too high. If I"m really going to eat Gathering Qi Powder like candy I"m afraid that even the Xiao Clan"s wealth would be unable to cover the costs." Scolding himself Xiao Yan fingered the green card he had hidden under the pillow with some regret. Helplessly he said "I only have 10000 gold left from selling the Foundation Elixir nowhere near enough to buy the ingredients you need."
Yao Lao laughed while leisurely sitting down onto a chair; showing that the matter of obtaining the ingredients was of no concern to him.
Kneading his head Xiao Yan grimaced in pain as he continued his line of thought "First I`ll just use this money to buy ingredients for the Foundation Elixir. Then I"ll just sell that at the Auction House; otherwise I"ll never get enough money."
Yao Lao gave a smug nod. For him refining something as low-grade as the Foundation Elixir was nothing strenuous. Letting out a short breath Xiao Yan flopped back onto his bed and bitterly laughed "Being poor is extremely annoying..."
......
The next morning Xiao Yan secretly slipped away from the clan to Wu Tan City"s pharmacies and bought all of the materials needed for the Foundation Elixir. Afterwards Xiao Yan searched for a tavern in an isolated area and entered.
Because he would be selling the elixirs for other people to use he could let Yao Lao mix the ingredients together without a single care. So just like last time Xiao Yan bought the cheapest and lowest quality materials.
Because he desperately needed money Xiao Yan bought enough materials to make 7 Foundation Elixirs which which had completely drained the green card of money.
While waiting for Yao Lao to refine the ingredients Xiao Yan began to flick the green card around his hands. Absentmindedly shaking his head Xiao Yan came to realize that he had once again returned to his original poverty stricken state.
This time Yao Lao had spent an entire hour to create all of the Foundation Elixirs. Arranging each of the seven white jade bottles neatly onto the table Xiao Yan couldn"t help but smile widely. Carefully wrapping each bottle up in cloth he secured them tightly to his back.
Gently patting the elixirs on his back Xiao Yan swung a huge black cloak over himself to hide both him and the elixirs from view before laughing to himself as he exited the tavern.
......
At the Primer Auction House inside the treasure inspection hall.
Primer Auction"s top auctioneer Ya Fei was staring at 7 small jade bottles full of Foundation Elixir in front of her in shock. Her eyes had lost her usual sparkle and she leaned forward at a precarious angle.
"Cough..."Sitting not too far away from Ya Fei with his black pouch Xiao Yan coughed bringing her back to attention.
Her pale white hands tenderly groped the jade bottles while she sniffed it to try and authenticate the elixirs. After a while she handed the bottles to Gu Ni the alchemist expert of the auction.
Taking the Foundation Elixir from her Gu Ni began to inspect the bottle closely and then remarked "All of these are truly Foundation Elixirs..."
Upong hearing Gu Ni"s confirmation Ya Fei"s eyebrows leapt up in surprise. She observed the black cloaked figured before her and her face carried a smile. Bringing out the most appeal she could muster she said "I didn"t think half a year later uncle would bring us such a large business."
"When will the elixir be sold?" The cloaked figure asked with the voice of Yao Lao.
"Does uncle need money right away? If you are not that busy then I suggest waiting for 1 or 2 days. 7 bottles of Foundation Elixir rarely come onto the market at the same time. If you would let the Auction House publicize this then your profits will surely be a lot higher..." Ya Fei smiled sweetly while suggesting her idea.
Hearing this the cloaked figure went silent momentarily and just for a moment a light groan in confirmation was heard.
Hearing his response Ya Fei"s smiling face slipped for a second. Her white hands reached for her teacup and she brought it to her lips. She could now ascertain that this black cloaked figure was a rank 2 alchemist if not a rank 3 alchemist!
Taking a sip from the teacup the cloaked figure spoke once more with an elderly voice "Perhaps your auction house could assist in helping me procure some alchemy ingredients as well?"
The bright eyes of Ya Fei twinkled as she sat down on top of a chair. Smiling even brighter she said "What ingredients does uncle want?"
"Four 50 year old Ink Leaf Lotuses two Ripened Snake Venom Fruit one bundle of 20 year old Spirit Gathering Grass and a single Water Attribute Rank 2 Magic Core..."
By the side of Ya Fei Gu Ni"s face changed drastically upon hearing the ingredients listed. His eyes had a hint of confusion as he watched the black cloaked figure.
"Hehe Ya Fei will definitely help uncle find those materials. The moment I hear a single mention of any of the items I will inform uncle immediately. But where does uncle live I wonder? How will we keep in touch?" As Ya Fei asked she glanced at Gu Ni and saw shock etched on his face. Seeing that her heart gave a violent leap but she didn"t show her surprise on her face.
"There is no need to try to contact me. If any of the ingredients appear deduct the costs from the Foundation Elixir. I will visit again." Under the black cloak a wizened voice rang out. "I also have other matters to attend to that cannot be postponed. I will be back in two days." With that said the cloaked man stood up and walked out of the Auction House.
Watching him disappear as he turned around the corner Ya Fei"s eyes narrowed. "Was there something wrong with the ingredients he asked for Gu Ni shu-shu?"
Gu Ni shook his head and exhaled before laughing bitterly "If I remember correctly these are the ingredients to refine and make the Qi Gathering Powder."
Ya Fei"s face changed immediately after hearing that "Doesn"t one have to be a Rank 4 alchemist before attempting to create the Qi Gathering Powder?"
Nodding his head Gu Ni continued "That would appear to be the case. However within the Jia Ma Empire there are no more than 20 Rank 4 alchemists. How is it that we"ve never heard of this mysterious cloaked person before?"
Ya Fei gently shook her head her eyes were brimming with curiosity as she spoke "A Rank 4 alchemist...if I ever get the chance I"ll definitely have him owe a favor to me!"


Chapter 55:Accident
Looking at the Primer Auction House"s ability to circulate information one cannot help but admit that it was extremely effective. It had barely been a day since Xiao Yan had handed over his Foundation Elixirs to the Auction house and yet almost every influential clan in Wu Tan city had already heard the news causing a great disturbance.
The only thing different between this auction and the last was the star of the show. The previous auction showcased the High Level Xuan Dou Technique a piece which would fetch a sky-high price any day; because of that only the major powers had the qualifications to bid those of lesser ranks could only watch in longing.
But to many people the Foundation Elixir was a more realistic goal. To help their children become a Dou Zhe as quickly as possible many elders of various clans were willing to spend quite a bit on advantageous items like the Foundation Elixirs.
Word of the Foundation Elixirs had spread enough to send the city of Wu Tan abuzz with excitement even Xiao Yan deeply secluded within his clan caught wind of the news. Seeing the commotion over a mere seven bottles of impure Foundation Elixir had caused though shocked Xiao Yan was grateful for the being able to confirm the unique charm that the pills had on this continent.
On the second day the Xiao Clan also received an invitation from the Primer Auction House. Most likely because Xiao Zhan had previously bought a Foundation Elixir. Several elders of the clan were interested in the appearance of the Foundation Elixirs especially those who still had children whom had yet to achieve the level of Dou Zhes.
Xiao Yan had originally planned to sneak out in the afternoon but before his plan came to fruition he was stopped by a messenger from Xiao Zhan. Xiao Yan had no choice but to follow behind the messenger and walk towards the entrance of the clan.
At the entrance Xiao Yan found not only Xiao Zhan but also several elders that were gathered there all bustling with excitement.
Raising his head to find the leisurely approaching Xiao Yan a grinning Xiao Zhan urged Xiao Yan to come forward with a gesture of his hand.
Xiao Yan let out a sigh seeing his father beckon him. As he walked forward his glance fell upon the two figures next to Xiao Zhan and his eyebrows furrowed at the sight.
"Dilly-dallying just like a woman......" Xiao Yu taunted the frowning Xiao Yan. She had been made to wait all day for the "princess" for this she was slightly angered.
"Are you really in such a rush to your funeral?" Xiao Yan rebutted in a matter-of-fact manner; Xiao Yu to ground her teeth in anger almost chipping a tooth.
"Pffffttt." Within the crowd a young maiden"s mocking laughter rang out like a silver bell.
Tilting his head Xiao Yan looked to see Xun Er standing in the middle of the crowd. Shrugging his shoulders at her he smiled back "Are you going to the Auction House too?"
"Staying within the clan grounds is really boring. I might as well go look around any time I can..." Xun Er squeezed her way through the crowd to stand at Xiao Yan"s side; her beautiful laughter echoing behind her as she walked.
u""Whats there for you anyways except for well... really at best only a few Foundation Elixirs? Nothing that would be of any use to you will be there." Xiao Yan asked with a pleasant smile on his face."
u""Hmph YOU still dare to talkback? If it weren"t for those Foundation Elixirs yod be no where near my level?" retorted Xiao Ning bitterly his feet still slightly unsteady since he had had only recently fully recovered. He had just healed from the fight he had with Xiao Yan 2 months ago but now as he looked at the two people being ridiculed standing so close to each other his cheeks reddened with jealousy. It was as if he forgotten the lesson Xiao Yan taught him after all that pain."
"You still itching for a fight?" Lifting his head to look at him Xiao Yan"s expression was dangerously unclear no one could tell if he was smiling or not.
"You..."Xiao Ning"s wrath grew along with the clenching of his fists but slowly his fists relaxed and returned to their original state. With a sneer he followed with: "Don"t be so proud of yourself although you managed to injure me that time I still have to thank you for the experience. If it weren"t for this period of healing I would not have even been able to get close to the 9 Duan Dou Qi. Within 7 days at most I"ll be able to breakthrough to 9 Duan! After that we"ll see who"ll be wanting to fight again and who will be the winner!"
Hearing Xiao Ning some of the surrounding older clansmen couldn"t help but look astonished at his claim. Even the first elder nearby couldn"t hide the pleasant look of pride from his face. Really this grandson of his never ceased to amaze him.
Xiao Zhan"s eyebrows wrinkled with some annoyance as he looked at the first elder. When he was about to wave his hand to signal for everyone to prepare to leave he stopped as he saw Xiao Yan"s smiling expression towards Xiao Ning and was momentarily stunned with the words he was about to say died in his mouth.
Facing Xiao Ning whose face still had that arrogant sneer Xiao Yan yawned after a moment of silence. Then he shrugged his head and spoke with a neutral tone "Well...this is quite embarrassing. Just a few days ago I accidentally...entered the 9 Duan Qi. I"m afraid that it seems like you"re still a step behind."
"Eh..."
Right after hearing Xiao Yan all of the surrounding clansmen went silent. Looks of shock and astonishment appeared on everyone"s faces as they watched the impassive face of Xiao Yan. Xiao Yan had said he broke through...by accident?
Not knowing if they should either laugh or cry everyone all had a similar thought. This kid had deliberately hit Xiao Ning where it hurt most poor poor Xiao Ning...
Xiao Ning"s arrogant smirk went rigid as he heard Xiao Yan. His mouth began to twitch slowly and his throat was trembling. With an unwavering stare at Xiao Yan that lasted for some time Xiao Ning finally backed down with a dejected look. He had thought that he could gain some face with his expected breakthrough but who would have thought that he was met with an even more shocking statement.
Jade-like hands supported a rather downtrodden Xiao Ning as Xiao Yu glared furiously at Xiao Yan as if trying to burn holes into him. Surprisingly she did not say anything to mock him only thinking to herself: "How exactly does this little bastard train? It was only two months...... how could he have achieved 9th Duan?"
Even though there was bad blood between them Xiao Yu was still mind-blown at Xiao Yan"s rapid progress.
"Haha ......" A peal of laughter thundered from Xiao Zhan his previous annoyance fading away as he saw the surprised faces of his clansmen. Casting a glance towards the First Elder he smiled and said: "Let"s get going the auction is about to start any more delays and we"ll miss our chance."
Watching the elders walk out the main door Xiao Zhan could not help but turn around and happily ruffle his son"s hair. He praised Xiao Yan in a happy tone: "Not bad you have done your father proud yet again. That old fogey the first elder kept going on and on about how much talent his grandson until I almost felt like killing myself in irritation; he obviously wants the clan to invest in a bottle of Foundation Elixir for his grandson. Beating around the bush like that what a super annoying old cheap-skate."
With his hair ruffled into a mess Xiao Yan forced a smile. He innocently spread his hands while taking a step out of the main door as he grudgingly replied: "Originally I didn"t want to reveal it but he just had to force my hand......"
At a distance from the door hearing Xiao Yan"s words Xiao Ning"s mouth twitched as his heart became heavy with gloominess and depression.


Chapter 56:Jia Nan Academy
For the Primer Auction House today was definitely the busiest day in the past half a year. Inside the expansive and spacious reception lounge many people were chattering away and moving about which made Xiao Yan"s group head hurt with all of the noise. It was as if a large buzzing insect was flying around in their ears and wouldn"t leave.
Looking at the crowd so densely packed together that even an ant couldn"t get through Xiao Zhan shook his head helplessly. It would be for the best for the auction house security guards to help escort his group through the VIP entrance. That would be the best way to get in.
Inside the Auction House although the number of people was definitely not too few compared to the lounge outside it was relatively peaceful. Xiao Zhan looked around the bustling floor as he walked along casually with Xiao Yan and some other clan members to find their seats.
Sitting on one of the edge seats Xiao Yan looked around the hall with a bored expression while leaning back in his chair without a care in the world
"Elder Sister in another half a year the enrollment period of Jia Nan Academy will start right?" Xiao Yan was leisurely sitting and almost fell asleep when his ears picked up the question Xiao Ning had asked. The mentioning of that special name caused his eyebrows to raise slightly in interest.
Jia Nan Academy a famous Dou Qi Academy in the Dou Qi Mainland was armed with a strength that wildly exceeds the common man"s imagination. It is said that one has to be about Da Dou Shi level to become a teacher in Jia Nan Academy. And even the famous Misty Cloud Faction cannot match up to the might of Jia Nan Academy.
In the Dou Qi Mainland Academies are somewhat different from clans. If one joins a clan he would not only be restricted by the clan but would also have to watch his every action as it would reflect back on the clan. An academy was different since all ties would be cut off after graduation!
Even though that is said humans are not unfeeling animals. In an ivory tower like the academy students become easily attached to the academy. After graduating these faint feelings will become the reason why graduates are willing to support the academy to the best of their abilities.
One person"s help might not make much of a difference but if there were thousands or tens of thousands of people helping that would be quite a scary force..... and this was the aim of every academy.
Enrolling into an academy was also the best shortcut in obtaining Dou Techniques and Qi Methods. At an academy on the level of Jia Nan if one"s performance was stellar he might catch the eye of a teacher which would open up doors to high level Qi Methods and Dou Techniques. With these two in hand the distance to becoming a strong Dou Zhe would be shortened by quite a bit.
Qi Methods Dou Techniques and Alchemy Pills are the three most sought after commodities in the Dou Qi Mainland. Jia Nan Academy dominates in two of these fields thus people all over the mainland believe that if one were able to enter Jia Nan Academy one would never again need to worry about their future. Everyone who graduates from Jia Nan Academy is a highly sought after talent with bright prospects.
Therefore every year countless youths from all over Jia Ma Country try all sorts of ideas in hopes of somehow getting into Jia Nan Academy.
Thus Jia Nan Academy is definitely a great place however it"s enrolment criterias are extremely strict: To reach the 9th Duan Dou Qi before the age of 18!
These requirements bar many of the less talented people and thus only the truly gifted are left to enter Jia Nan Academy.
......
Having heard Xiao Ning"s inquiry Xiao Yu gave a slight nod. With a quick glance at Xiao Yan she proudly replied: "Fret not you have already fulfilled the criteria. Furthermore the one in charge of recruitment in Wu Tan City is my teacher who is a 5 star Da Dou Shi. Together with the fact that I am here to put in a word for you there is definitely no problem for you at all."
"Haha that"s great." Having heard her reply Xiao Ning"s face lit up like fireworks and nodded his head in excitement.
Hearing their conversation Xiao Yan"s mouth slightly twitched. If it was before he could only enter Jia Nan Academy in hopes of obtaining higher tier Dou Techinques and Qi Methods. But now since he had Yao Lao whose origins remained a mystery as a teacher Jia Nan Academy no longer interested him.
"Does Xiao Yan ge-ge not plan to take the entrance test for Jia Nan Academy in half a year?" Xun Er softly asked having picked up Xiao Yan"s lack of interest.
At Xun Er"s question Xiao Yu raised her brow and cast a gaze towards the two she had already made up her mind that if the little bastard was going to try to go to Jia Nan Academy she would tell her teacher to make him suffer a bit.
Xiao Yan rubbed his nose and lazily replied: "Not interested. What could I possibly learn with a bunch of wimpy kids? If I wanted Dou Techniques jumping off cliffs in search for hidden treasures would be more exhilarating."
"Humph what a boastful tone. Do you really think an Academy would beg for you to join? Don"t be so arrogant just because you"re blessed with a bit of talent; there are many in Jia Nan Academy who could easily match you. In fact not entering would be better for you given your hateful character all you would find there is a world of beatings." At Xiao Yan"s belittlement of the academy she was intensely proud of Xiao Yu interjected icily as her expression turned frosty.
Xiao Yan turned his sight to sweep over the indignant Xiao Yu the sides of his mouth slanted downwards yet he could not be bothered with her. His promise with Nalan Yanran would need to be fulfilled in less than two years. The only goal he had now was to surpass that woman.
There was not much time left but the difference between them was still too vast. Xiao Yan did not believe that there was anyone in Jia Nan Academy who would be able to help him surpass Nalan Yanran in the two years left.
Since they could not help him why would he bother to enroll into that lousy academy? Unless they could instruct him in the Alchemy Arts like Yao Lao? But even if they could could they match up to Yao Lao"s skills?
Shaking his head Xiao Yan decided not to debate with her about academies anymore. Taking a look around he found that two other large clan"s members had also entered the auction.
After yet another crowd had passed by Xiao Yan suddenly felt a cold gaze. Briefly turning he realised the owner of the gaze was the one he had clashed with in the marketplace: Jia Lie Ao.
Currently the young master of the Jia Lie Clan was staring at him with malicious intent while occasionally sneaking lustful glances at the exquisite figure of Xun Er beside him. This caused Xiao Yan to stare back eliciting an evil smile from the young master.
Coolly staring at Jia Lie Ao whose mouth kept opening and closing Xiao Yan was barely able to decipher his intentions: "Little useless trash from the Yan Clan you have finally completed your Coming of Age ritual right? Better not let the young master see you in Wu Tan City or else..... heh heh!"
Slightly squinting at Jia Lie Ao who had burst out into laughter Xiao Yan faintly smiled as a viscous light flashed in his eyes.


Chapter 57:Advertisment
Releasing his chilly gaze Xiao Yan did not act but rather curled all ten fingers while a strange push-and-pull force began to gather in his palm; it was if his hands were alive and breathing.
After refining "Vacuum Hand" and "Fire Palm" for more than a year Xiao Yan though unable to say his skills had reached perfection could confidently say that he was able to switch between the two skills much more smoothly. If Xiao Yao sparred with someone it was assured that he could quickly release the two Dou Techniques together and harm the other party.
Beside him Xun Er gave a quick glance towards Jia Lie Ao a small smile creeped onto her lips: "Xiao Yan ge-ge that guy seems to be a lot stronger than before......"
Xiao Yan inclined his head in agreement coolly replying: "Last time at the auction his father managed to win a Wind-Attribute High Xuan Level Qi Method. It"s been a year and that certainly has been enough time for Jia Lie who is of the wind attribute to change his old Dou Qi into the new Method"s Dou Qi and thus making him stronger than before.
"Hehe no wonder he"s become so arrogant. Does he really think that a High Level Xuan Technique is something so rare?" Xun Er was all smiles as she remarked. Within her crystal-clear eyes a light golden blaze danced wildly.
Xiao Yan smiled as he shook his head and with a hint of playfulness he replied: "To a wealthy young girl like you who can pull Qi Methods of High Level Xuan quality out of thin air of course something like that isn"t rare."
Hearing Xiao Yan"s teasing words Xun Er wrinkled her lily-white nose. Rolling her eyes she replied with some bitterness: "Even though it"s rare didn"t Xiao Yan ge-ge still reject it?"
Having heard what she said Xiao Yan smiled in embarrassment. Pointing his chin towards the stage he said: "The auction is about to start ......"
Seeing Xiao Yan feign ignorance Xun Er could only shake her head grudgingly as she cast her gaze towards the auction stage which suddenly lit up.
u"Under the attention of countless eyes Ya Fei dressed in a red dress stepped up onto the stage. The red dress tightly wrapped around her body causing the audiences gazes to blaze with passion."
Ya Fei wearing a lovely expression veiling her ever so slightly sensual lips behind a hand faced the audience below and let out her lovable laugh as she said a few words to the crowd. With her charm she easily drove the auction into a frenzy of desire.
Feeling the growing excitement in the air even Xiao Yan could not help but smack his lips together. Ya Fei was indeed worthy of the title of Primer Auction House"s Chief Auctioneer; with just a few words she had turned weaker willed men into beasts and filled their heads with passion. At this point if Ya Fei were to try and auction off a pebble many people would value the pebble as a priceless treasure to be bought.
Looking at the intense atmosphere in the hall Ya Fei was slightly pleased with herself. Her years of training had enlightened her on how strongly her beauty effected men. Her red lips formed an inviting smile as her gaze shifted around the room taking in everything around her. When her eyes swept over a young man sitting behind Xiao Zhan she could not help but be faintly surprised.
Though the youngster"s gaze was on the platform those ink-black eyes which danced around let Ya Fei know that this young man was not swayed by her alluring performance which caused her black eyebrows to lift slightly in astonishment.
Moving her gaze away from Xiao Yan Ya Fei"s red lips slightly parted as a soft laugh escaped. Clapping her hands she smiled and said: "Ya Fei knows what has brought everyone here today thus the usual appetisers will be left out. Instead we will start right away with the main event."
As she ended her speech Ya Fei lightly waved her hands dimming the lights on the stage. Bowing to the crowd she took out a jade plate and at the middle of the plate laid a tiny White Jade Bottle.
u"At the appearance of the tiny White Jade Bottle the audiences gaze heated up with longing. One by one they rubbed their hands together in anticipation of obtaining the bottle for themselves."
"Does anyone remember the Foundation Elixir from our last auction? The ones we are offering now are made by the same alchemist. Our Auction House"s grandmaster Gu Ni has assured us that the effectiveness and quality are also the same so everyone need not worry about that." Ya Fei said as she gently smiled. Suddenly turning towards Xiao Yan with a charming and lovely smile she added: "Previously the Foundation Elixir was bought by the Xiao Clan Leader Xiao Zhan and after this purchase Young Master Xiao Yan managed to jump from the 3rd to the 8th Duan Dou Qi in one year whether this was due to the Foundation Elixir..... Haha Ya Fei can only guess." Towards the end within Ya Fei"s beautiful eyes a flash of craftiness could be seen.
Hearing Ya Fei"s words all eyes shifted to the front row until they laid upon the slightly overwhelmed figure of Xiao Yan. Gasps of surprise could be heard all around and although word of Xiao Yan"s monstrous training speed had long ago spread throughout Wu Tang City many had not been able to personally see it. Thus having the chance to see Xiao Yan in person many could not help but sigh in amazement. At the same time it strengthened everyone"s conviction to obtain the Foundation Elixir for themselves.
Not far away seeing Xiao Yan in the spotlight the corners of Jia Lie Ao curled into a sneer as his face became filled with disdain.
Under the crowd"s attention Xiao Yan twisted uncomfortably in his seat; in his heart he could not decide whether to cry or laugh. This woman was brilliant she actually used Xiao Yan himself as a free advertisement. With Xiao Yan here as a living specimen the price of the Foundation Elixir would rise by at least 20% to 30%.
"Sigh this woman..... it"d be a waste if she weren"t a merchant."
Sighing yet again although Xiao Yan was disturbed by the surrounding gazes he remembered that the items on auction were actually his and thus he could only shake his head in frustration and give a death stare to the smiling Ya Fei on stage.
Ya Fei fearlessly ignored Xiao Yan"s stare and instead brazenly replied with a mature lovely and alluring smile causing a few men behind Xiao Yan to swallow a mouth of saliva.
"For the first bottle of Foundation Elixir the auction price starts at 15 000!"
On stage Ya Fei was all smiles as she asked for such a huge amount; she had pushed the price of the Foundation Elixir to twice the original value.
"What viciousness......" Below the stage having heard the price Xiao Yan"s mouth split open in amazement as he inwardly shook his head. As expected women were the most vicious beings there were.


Chapter 58:A High Price
Even though everyone in the hall quieted down after Ya Fei announced the starting price soon a young man who had been distracted by Ya Fei hurriedly yelled: "16000!"
Immediately after calling out his price the slightly pale faced young man tried to act gracefully by faking a bow towards Ya Fei. However he missed the fact that his eyes were giving conspicuous lust-filled looks at her well formed chest.
Internally sneering at the young man whose thoughts were obviously fixed on her body Ya Fei continued to keep her smiling expression and asked the rest of the crowd "Do we have any other offers?Are there any other takers?"
"17000!"
"19000!"
The crowd under the stage erupted with people calling out their prices after that initial offer. The first buyer looked embarrassed after his initial price had been beaten by two or three other people and promptly sat down.
Hearing the nonstop stream of prices Xiao Yan couldn"t help but feel shocked and could only let out a gasp in his surprise. The buyers wanted the Foundation Elixir to a degree that was far greater than he had anticipated. It would appear that letting the Primer"s Auction House spread word of the Foundation Elixir had been a wise decision after all.
The three major clans held an spectator stance in regards of this Foundation Elixirs and thus weaker parties seized the opportunity and began to scramble to name whatever they would pay. They all wanted to snatch a Foundation Elixirs because after all something such as a Foundation Elixir that could increase one"s Dou Qi was rare even within the whole of the Jia Ma Empire.
After half an hour of prices being called  the first Foundation Elixir was sold after the bids began to stall at around 47000.
Looking at the happy look on the fat buyer"s face Xiao Yan was truly speechless. He didn"t think that anyone would want a Foundation Elixir more crazily than his father had... It costed around 1000 gold coins to make just one Foundation Elixir but here one just sold for ten times that amount. At such large profit margins Xiao Yan couldn"t help but salivate.
Xiao Yan took a moment to ponder scratching his chin and blinking: if he had never met Yao Lao would he ever have had the luxury of being able to use the Foundation Elixir every day?
Seeing that the first Foundation Elixir had been sold for such a large price Ya Fei could only let out a sigh of relief and think to herself "With such a price will the mysterious alchemist be satisfied? It would be great if the mysterious alchemist had even a slightly better impression of the Primer Auction House!"
Ya Fei turned back to look at all the people who filled the auction house after shaking her head out of her thoughts. With a laugh she stared at the white jade bottles in her hands "The last 6 Foundation Elixirs will be divided and sold as 3 groups of 2. Each group will have a starting price of 30000 gold!"
Eyeing each of the two bottles of Foundation Elixir the people all became strangely quiet. They looked at the 3 major clans standing a distance away for only a moment. But that short moment was all they needed to know that the 3 clans were about to make their move.
"31000." The Jia Lie clan leader Jia Lie Bi was silent for a second after the price was announced and then slowly called out his bid.
"Hehe Jia Lie Bi did the Qi Method you buy last time empty your clan treasury? How is it that you"re so stingy now? Can you even spare 1000 gold now?" Ao Ba Pa suddenly jeered after hearing Jia Lie Bi"s price.
His face twitching slightly Jia Lei Bi glared at Ao Ba Pa with a single eye. Instead of firing back an insult he turned his cold gaze back to the white jade bottles onstage.
"35000." Yelled out Ao Ba Pa. He mockingly looked at Jia Lei Bi as he gave his bid.
"38000." Jia Lei Bi followed suit.
"45000." Ao Ba Pa continued to provoke the other clan leader.
"50000." By the time this price was called Jia Lie Bi"s hand had started to tremble. Although it was hard for him to admit it as Ao Ba Pa had said before the Jia Lie Clan had used several years of savings to buy the High Level Xuan Qi Method. Thus recently Jia Lie Clan"s income had already shrunk by more than 20% to 30%.
"55000."
"56000..."
The rest of the audience members could only sigh regretfully at the sight of the two even if they had enough funds they still lacked the might to challenge the three great clans. After all each of the three great clans of Wu Tang City had at least three strong Da Dou Shi level practitioners!
Though economic power was an important pillar that supported a clan if there was no military might to protect this economic power with the riches of the world they would still not be powerful.
Therefore the rest of the audience tactfully avoided entering the auction battle between these two clans while occasionally glancing towards the Xiao Clan who were still sitting on the fence.
When the Foundation Elixir price raised to 73000 an ashen-faced Jia Lie Bi finally withdrew. With his clan"s current circumstances he could not afford to continue squandering money.
At the sight of the ashen faced Jia Lie Bi Ao Ba Pa joyfully pulled back his body a splendid smile lighting up his face.
While the two were battling Ya Fei observed from the stage while maintaining her alluring smile. Her gaze was similar to that of a wolf eyeing a fat sheep. It was only when the final auction price had been settled that Ya Fei reluctantly let the smaller hammer in her hand smash downwards.
When Ya Fei once again pushed forward another set of two Foundation Elixirs the silent Xiao Zhan finally made his move. His indifferent tone sounded out before anyone else causing the already crestfallen Jia Lie Bi to fall further into depression.
"70500!" A voice filled with the determination to win flatly resounded throughout the hall.
On the stage even Ya Fei was taken aback by Xiao Zhan"s drive taking a little while to recover from her daze she finally smiled and asked: "Is there anyone else?"
Sitting on his chair Jia Lie Bi fiercely glared at the smiling Xiao Zhan cursing in fury to himself: "Bastard if it was not for him how would my Jia Lie Clan have fallen to this embarrassing state?"
Flames of rage flickered within his eyes as Jia Lie Bi grinded his teeth and he abruptly shouted with a voice full of bitterness: "85000!"
"95 000!" Not even bothering to glance at Jia Lie Bi Xiao Zhan waved his hand giving the impression that he would be more than able to keep up with any amount Jia Lie Bi could bid.
Seeing that Xiao Zhan was determined to win at all costs the corners of Jia Lie Bi"s mouth twitched yet one could see that deep within his eyes he was happily sneering. It was though he had a bit of hesitation as he clenched his jaw: "100000!"
Hearing Jia Lie Bi"s bid the entire hall erupted using 100000 gold coins to buy two bottle of Foundation Elixir is insane. It was clearly a big loss.
Carefully scrutinizing Jia Lie Bi who looked like he was ready to fight to the death Xiao Yan lightly smiled. Shaking his head he spoke to Xun Er in a low voice: "I bet that if father bids once again that guy would wash his hands clean of this money loser transaction."
Xun Er blinked her long eyelashes she had not payed close attention to the struggle between the two and somewhat startled she said: "But he looks like he wants it a lot."
"Hehe" Xiao Yan smiled he did not need to say another word.
Xiao Zhan sat silently in the front row after having heard Jie Lie Bi"s latest bid. Abruptly standing up he gave Jia Lie Bi a funny look. At the next instant the suddenly grinning Xiao Zhan"s next words stupefied Jia Lie Bi: "You win... "
TL: Great dad


Chapter 59:End of the Auction
As the words left Xiao Zhan"s mouth the whole hall fell silent. A while later one by one everyone"s gazes turned towards the ashen faced Jia Lie Bi gleeful at the calamity that had befallen him.
"Haha 100000 gold coins for two bottles of Foundation Elixir... this guy is truly extravagant." Watching as Jia Lie Bi"s face cramped up Xiao Yan bowed his head in an effort to hide a cheeky smile and muttered.
Seeing the gloating Xiao Yan Xun Er smiled and softly laughing she said: "Normally a second rank pill would have a market value of at most 30000 gold. The Foundation Elixir is a wonder drug that is able to increase the speed of Dou Zi Qi training and is relatively rare thus it"s price should be much higher than a second rank pill. However... using 100000 gold to buy it this Jie Lie Bi is seriously "extravagant"."
Xiao Yan laughed as he nodded in agreement. He licked his lips in yearning before he smiled and said: "If a bottle of second grade Foundation Elixir could be sold for tens of thousands of gold doesn"t this mean that those great alchemists would be able to swim in gold?"
u""Alchemy is the continents most wealthy profession this is a fact every Alchemist owns a generous amount of property." Xun Er was all smiles as she nodded her head. Shifting her gaze towards the Foundation Elixirs on stage she continued: "As an Alchemist"s rank rises they don"t auction off their products often. Instead they would rather choose to engage in bartering as money no longer has value to them...""
"Bartering?" Xiao Yan"s eyebrows perked up and realized that he gained a little insight as to why Yao Lao had such an abundant secret treasure stash.
"Yeah they use things like Dou Techniques Qi Methods rare alchemy ingredients or high level Monster Cores to trade for such pills." The corners of her rosy lips tilted upwards forming a smile as Xun Er continued her lecture "As a result it is often said that the Alchemist is the most envied profession in the continent. All people dream to become an alchemist but those dreams are often shattered by the harsh and unreachable requirements."
Eyeing the somewhat regretful Xun Er Xiao Yan rubbed his nose grateful for the mutation in his soul.
Deciding not to further the conversation Xiao Yan turned his sight towards the ashen faced Jia Lie Bi.
Similarly Jia Lie Bi was shocked into a daze by Xiao Zhan"s words he stared stupidly at Xiao Zhan who had so easily given up on the bidding war as the corners of his eye"s twitched in disbelief. It felt like half a day had passed before it finally dawned upon him. Jia Lie Bi hoarsely croaked: "Bastard you tricked me again! It was all an act!"
"Hehe weren"t you trying to do the same except that recently your mind was a tad distracted and your acting it"s...... too fake." Xiao Zhan smugly laughed his tone full of mockery.
"Good good very good extremely good the best Xiao Zhan I Jia Lie Bi will remember those words!" Jia Lie Bi continued to gasp out a few breathes in fury his gaze cold and venomous.
Xiao Zhan ignored his threat with a final sneer he turned to face Ya Fei and said: "Mistress Ya Fei let us start the last auction."
Nodding her head Ya Fei smiled as she maintained her impartial expression. Yet inside she was giddy with laughter at this turn of events. This auction had exceeded her wildest expectations and the better the profits the more the mysterious alchemist would favor the auction house.
Gracing the ashen faced Jia Lie Bi with a consoling smile Ya Fei once again bent to retrieve the last two bottles of Foundation Elixir. Complementing her rosy lips with a dazzling smile she announced: "Ladies and Gentlemen this is the last batch of elixirs likewise the starting bid is 30 000."
At the sight of the final batch of elixirs the few elders in Xiao Zhan"s vicinity trembled and hurriedly gazed at Xiao Zhan with obvious intentions.
Calmly sitting in his chair Xiao Zhan took no notice of the elders signals. Instead his gaze looped around the auction house coming around full circle before he finally announced in an icy tone: "50 000."
Having heard Xiao Zhan"s bid Jia Lie Bi"s face tightened as his mouth instinctively started to open yet at the thought of his current financial crisis he could only shut it regretfully.
In another corner Ao Ba Pa kept eying the stoic Xiao Zhan. Furrowing his brow and thrumming his fingers against the back of his hand Ao Ba Pa"s eyes faintly flickering in movement of revelation. In a moment he faintly smiled and said "55000"
The three great clans of Wu Tang City had a strange relationship each wanted to consume the other two"s businesses yet each feared to act out against the other clan for the neutral clan would gain from them doing so. Yet even if two of them joined hands they could not avoid suspecting their "partner". Thus unless they were assured of completely wiping out one party all three sides could only continue in this complicated and brittle stalemate that had formed between them.
Each of the three great clans had their own set of grudges; each could not stand the sight of another. Even though before Ao Ba Pa had mocked and ridiculed Jia Lie Bi and now that Xiao Zhan was bidding Ao Ba Pa was more than willing to compete with Xiao Zhan so that Xiao Clan would lose a bit more money.
Ao Ba Pa"s bid didn"t make Xiao Zhan face change expression. With a casual glance Xiao Zhan called out "65000."
65000 was a bit too much for the regular market price for a Foundation Elixir but Xiao Zhan was also knew in deep down that in this 3 way struggle between the clans it would be impossible to buy a Foundation Elixir for a low or even fair price.
"Hehe the Xiao Clan Leader sure is extravagant but I"m afraid of being be tricked by you. I already have Foundation Elixir so I"ll give this one to you." After Xiao Zhan"s bid Ao Bo Pa had started to hesitate. It would seem that after the Jia Lei Bi"s huge loss he had become even more cautious.
Xiao Zhan gazed at Ao Ba Pa and relaxed in his chair while giving out a laugh. The smile or whatever Ao Ba Pa had plastered on his face was obviously not what the man was feeling. Regardless Xiao Zhan still let out a grumble afterward: "Dammit I had to pay an extra 10000. This bastard is nothing good."
Hearing those words Xiao Yan thought that it was comical. In this kind of battle were there any good men? If the other party did not fear of ending up in a predicament like Jia Lie Bi he would have definitely continued to raise the bid even more before finally letting the matter drop.
Tapping his fingers Xiao Yan directed his gaze upon the stage at Ya Fei who had just brought down the small hammer signalling the end of the auction. Inwardly he let out a sigh of relief this sum of money would be enough for a period of time. Now all that was left were the alchemy ingredients and for Yao Lao to refine the Qi Gathering Powder...
"Soon I"ll be a Dou Zhe..."
Xiao Yan licked his lips and let out a long sigh the first obstacle in his training journey was about to be overcome!


Chapter 60:Ingredients Obtained
Seeing that the auction was about to end Xiao Yan found an excuse to sneak away.
After carefully leaving the auction floor Xiao Yan walked along a nearby street for a little bit. He made his way towards a secluded corner and donned the big black cloak he had previously purchased. Wrapping himself up in the bulky cloak inhibited his movements so he could only slowly return to the auction floor.
Ever since Ya Fei had identified him as a 4th tier alchemist she had stationed an informant on the auction floor to watch for any signs of the mysterious man... Consequently as soon as Xiao Yan arrived there was already a delicate and pretty maiden that had been waiting who led him to the back and carefully waited on him.
Silently sitting in his chair Xiao Yan lifted the teacup on the table to his lips and took a sip. He took a quick glimpse at the timid maiden next to him and faintly nodded his head. The voice of an old man could be heard even though Xiao Yan"s lips never moved: "How much longer until the auction ends?"
"Ah!" The sudden question made the maiden jump. Xiao Yan enshrouded behind a large black cloak was given a concealed look by the girl. She then with a pale face tightly clenched her small hands and nervously replied. "Sir the auction has already ended; Ya Fei is handling the transfer procedure."
u"Xiao Yan couldnt help but feel puzzled when he saw the maiden; she looked like a startled hare. He wasn"t that scary was he? Reluctant to accept that possibility he shook his head and continued in silence."
Standing to the side with her head bowed the girl looked at the once again silent Xiao Yan and secretly let out a breath. She had been warned by Master Gu Ni when she had taken on this task to never hesitate to satisfy any request this mysterious person may have -even if that request was to do something "extra".
Having worked at the auction floor for a year the young girl obviously understood what these "extra tasks" would require. This was why everytime Xiao Yan spoke she would shiver from head to toe. She was afraid that this mysterious man might request one of those... "extra tasks".
The girl stood trembling for about 10 minutes after which footsteps could be heard outside the door. She was finally able to relax a little bit.
"Oh sir you arrived really early. Xue Li should"ve entertained you properly right?" Ya Fei"s serpentine waist swayed and she released an alluring demeanor as she slowly walked into the room. Her curvy figure could make men with little self-control feel fiery impulses.
"Succubus..." His heart once again cried out. Xiao Yan withdrew backwards and lightly nodded.
Watching Xiao Yan nod the maiden standing to the side once again released a breath. She respectfully bowed and quickly left.
Seeing that Xiao Yan"s appearance had no trace of dissatisfaction Ya Fei felt relieved. She gave him a smile that contained heaven"s charm.
Her smile gave Xiao Yan an electrifying jolt. When interacting with this enchantress Xiao Yan didn"t dare let down his guard. Under the cloak he stroked the unadorned black ring hurriedly handing over the responsibility of speaking to Yao Lao.
"Has the auction ended?"
"Yes." Ya Fei wore a smiling expression as she nodded her snow white chin. Ya Fei waved her hand and a light blue jade card appeared in her hand. She laughed "Sir these 7 foundation elixirs all together auctioned off for 285000 gold coins. After deducting taxes the rest of the money is on this card."
Xiao Yan reached forward and took the card. It rested comfortably in his hand and was clearly expensive to make. He lightly caressed the jade card and nodded.
Looking at the pair of young and fair palms Ya Fei once again had a strange feeling.
"This price is beyond my expectations. I am very satisfied..."
Yao Lao"s voice made Ya Fei feel pleased. She quickly discarded any strange thoughts. Staring with her alluring eyes she pursed her rosy lips and laughed "If you still want to auction medicine later please come to the Primer Auction House; we will definitely strive to get you the best price."
Nodding his head Xiao Yan put away the jade card. After a slight hesitation Yao Lao"s voiced inquired "The ingredients I requested did you find them?"
Her long and narrow eyebrows bent in a beautiful arc Ya Fei lightly laughed. The lovable tone made Xiao Yan feel somewhat pleasantly surprised.
"Yes our auction house naturally fulfilled your request."
Ya Fei clapped her hands and Gu Ni personally stepped forward holding a jade plate. Then he stopped by Xiao Yan"s side and bowed. He carefully placed the jade plate onto the table and laughed "Sir the ingredients you have requested are all here."
Xiao Yan"s eyes lit up in happiness when he looked at the plate full of ingredients beside him. This auction house"s power was nothing small. If he were to try and buy these ingredients himself he would have wasted a lot of time and energy. But here this auction house was able to gather everything in a single day. This left Xiao Yan overjoyed at his unexpected fortune.
"Hmm sorry for the trouble..." Seeing all the materials for Qi Refining Powder gathered even Yao Lao"s indifferent voice grew a little soft.
Having interacted with many people at the auction floor for many years Ya Fei was naturally able to distinguish Yao Lao"s softer tone. She was pleasantly surprised. This transaction was the right decision!
"I don"t want to take advantage of you. The money for these ingredients; subtract it from this card."
Seeing that Xiao Yan was about to bring out the card again Ya Fei immediately laughed "Sir we obtained these ingredients internally. The price is much cheaper compared to what you would find outside. Your two auctions gained a lot of reputation for our auction house. How could we dare take money for these things?"
"Fine let"s do it your way. If I need more ingredients in the future I will exchange pills with you." Nodding his head the astute Yao Lao understood that she wanted to create a good relationship. Not wanting to argue with her Xiao Yan carefully picked up the jade plate and stored its contents away.
"Okay I have other business to attend to and will not stay any longer."
Seeing that everything had been stored Xiao Yan stood up. He shook his hands and headed directly outside.
"Sir Ya Fei will accompany you." Ya Fei winked at Gu Ni. The two of them stepped forward to lead the way.
Xiao Yan followed these two auction managers who graciously led the way and walked out of the back room. He raised his head and slowed down.
As they were leaving the back room a group of three people across the auction floor also emerged. Sweeping his eyes over the three people Xiao Yan couldn"t help but nervously tug on his cloak. He realized that the person in the middle was his father Xiao Zhan.
"Please don"t let him see me..." Prayed Xiao Yan.


Chapter 61:Disguise
While the three clans began to leave through the entrance of the auction house the respective clan leaders gave phony smiles and unpleasant laughs; as they left each other"s sights a trace of hostility and mockery appeared on their faces.
The three clans swaggered across the hall as they left and whenever they passed by the people would quickly move aside.. In Wu Tang City there were virtually no other powers that could rival the three great clans.
Once again Xiao Zhan half-heartedly said a few words to the nearby Ao Ba Pa. Suddenly Xiao Zhan"s movements stiffened and his footsteps halted.
Looking at Xiao Zhan"s movements everyone shifted their gazes to his line of sight and their bodies could not help but tremble slightly. Even Jie Lie Bi and Ao Ba Pa"s faces changed a bit.
At the hall"s other entrance three figures slowly walked out. The person leading them was unexpectedly Primer Auction House"s chief auctioneer Ya Fei. As frequent customers of the auction Xiao Zhan and others all knew this woman"s true face. Although this woman usually puts on an appearance filled with smiles everyone knew that this woman was actually very arrogant. Previously Ao Ba Pa wanted to invite her to have a meal but was directly met with an exceptionally "polite" refusal. From this incident people understood that this woman unlike her outward appearance was not easy to get close to.
Today however this haughty woman contrary to her normal self was respectfully guiding guests. This really did make Xiao Zhan and the others amazed.
Eyes blinking a little Xiao Zhan and the others" gaze shifted once more to the rear and their faces continued to change.
At the back of the group of three the Auction"s alchemist elder Gu Ni was smiling and said a few words into the ears of a mysterious black-hooded person. His smiling expression was all over his face so much so that a trace of flattery could be seen.
If Ya Fei"s deferential attitude had caused Xiao Zhan and the others to feel amazed then the attitude Gu Ni displayed made them feel stunned.
As Wu Tan City"s highest ranked alchemist usually only the three clan heads could meet him. When they did they were respectful and did not dare to be impolite in the slightest.
As a 2nd tier alchemist Gu Ni maintained that pride of being an alchemist. When he spoke he spoke indifferently making others revere him even more.
But this type of person he unexpectedly showed such respect without even trying to hide his flattering smiles. That ... ... that person he"s trying to win the favor of.. Who could this person be?
The sight brought shock. Finally their gazes slowly shifted onto the center"s black-cloaked figure.
Sweeping over the shadowy figure"s plump stature Xiao Zhan anxiously thought in his mind "Who is this person? Someone who can make Primer Auction House"s most important people respectfully send him off? What would a person of this level come to Wu Tan City for?"
Licking his somewhat dry lips Xiao Zhan looked around from left to right and actually found that Jia Lie Bi and Ao Ba Pa were also curious and shocked.
Raising his eyes expectantly at the three incoming people Xiao Zhan"s face squeezed out a small smile walked forward two steps and smiled: "Lady Ya Fei Gu Ni elder. Ha ha. It really is rare to see you two appear together."
When Ya Fei and Gu Ni came out earlier the two had already caught sight of the clan leaders. Looking at Xiao Zhan coming out to speak their movements were still the same. But only after the black-cloaked person stopped did they heave a sigh of relief.
"Ha ha. We"re sending off a precious guest that"s all." Ya Fei lightly laughed.
"Oh. Ha ha..." Jia Lie Bi also approached smiling. Shortly after his gaze shifted from Ya Fei to the black-hooded person and politely asked: "Ha ha. I don"t know if this mister ... ... is also from Wu Tang City? Ha ha you look somewhat unfamiliar to me."
"Cough ... Jia Lie Clan Elder this mister is Primer Auction House"s precious guest ... ...." Gu Ni elder"s eyebrows furrowed and coughed to warn Jia Lie Bi to not ask questions carelessly .
Hearing Gu Ni elder"s warning tone Jia Lie Bi"s complexion slightly changed and whispered to himself: "Even Gu Ni elder acts this fearfully? What is this person"s identity?"
Seeing how Jia Lie Bi was met with a tactful retort Xiao Zhan swallowed what he was about to say. Looking at Gu Ni"s cautious stance this black-cloaked person was obviously on a completely different level of existence from them. At the moment he had no choice but to laugh a bit and then tactfully withdraw.
"You .... .... are Xiao Zhan of the Xiao Clan right?" Just when Xiao Zhan was about to withdraw the silent black-cloaked person suddenly asked in a dull tone.
Hearing this elderly voice Xiao Zhan stared blankly a bit. Soon after he hesitated and then nodded.
"I heard that the young master of your clan relied on this Foundation Elixir to leap to the 9th Duan Qi. Ha ha this really causes me to be in awe." The black-cloaked person laughed dully.
Met with this sort of courteous treatment Xiao Zhan felt delight in his heart and smiled: "My son has good luck."
Waving his hands in a carefree manner the black-cloaked person smiled: "Luck is also part of one"s power. In the future if there is ever an opportunity I would like to meet him. Maybe he can even become an alchemist."
In a somewhat stunned manner Xiao Zhan appeared as if he did not understand what the elder was saying.
"Ok.... .... in the future if there is ever an opportunity I will look for your Xiao Clan to collaborate together." Smiling the black-cloaked person turned around to face Ya Fei and Gu Ni: "There"s no need to send me off I still have some business to do. I will leave first."
After speaking Xiao Yan didn"t wait for their reactions and walked in big strides out of the auction house.
Stroking his face in an ineffable way Xiao Zhan turned his head and actually saw Ya Fei and Gu Ni staring at him faces filled with envy.
"Xiao Clan Leader do you recognize that old mister?" Ya Fei asked.
"It was my first time seeing him." Xiao Zhan forced a smile and shook his head nervously towards Ya Fei and Gu Ni who held strange expressions on their faces.
"Sigh the Xiao family has been blessed."
Gu Ni gently shook his head. He shot a glance at the Foundation Elixirs which Jia Lie Bi held tightly to his chest as if they were precious treasures and said indifferently: "Those things were refined by him."
Having heard what was said the complexions of the three family heads changed wildly.
After a short while Xiao Zhan"s face lit up with delight; he hadn"t expected that the black-cloaked elder would be an alchemist. Looking at Gu Ni"s previous attitude it was clear that the elder was a much higher ranked alchemist than even Gu Ni!
If a second tier alchemist was able to make them courteous and modest then what about a third or even a fourth tier alchemist?
Heavens his kind of clan did not have the qualifications to even meet this type of senior.
"We"ve profited greatly this time...." Thinking back to when that black-hooded person offered to collaborate in the future Xiao Zhan"s two eyes immediately lit up and he involuntarily mumbled to himself.
To the side after their shock faded Jia Lie Bi and Ao Ba Pa"s eyes flashed with envy as if they were like rabbit"s eyes.
TL: Rabbit eyes are red = red eyes = envy


Chapter 62:Slap
Leaving the auction house Xiao Yan wandered the streets for some time. When he saw that there weren"t too many people around him he slipped into a nearby alley. Taking off his black cloak Xiao Yan grumbled: "Teacher you almost exposed me back there."
"Hehe what I just did; wasn"t that what your heart desires as well?" From the unadorned pitch-black ring resounded an amused Yao Lao"s laugh.
These words caused Xiao Yan to helplessly shake his head but it was true that he felt a bit apologetic towards his father. Twice he had auctioned some products and thus twice he had extorted money from Xiao Zhan. He kicked the cloak into the gutter whispering: "I"ll make it up to him by finding an opportunity to collaborate with the Xiao Clan in the future. That should net him a bit of compensation."
With prized ingredients in hand Xiao Yan stuffed them inside his bosom. After exiting the alley he practically flew back to the Xiao Clan"s residence.
Since Xiao Zhan and company weren"t back yet the place felt kind of empty. The guards at the gate seeing the Xiao Clan"s super-duper talented young master didn"t dare obstruct him. Seeing their behavior the young master flashed a smile and then dashed in.
With a vigorous dash Xiao Yan arrived at his own room and took out the ingredients out of his bosom. He treated the ingredients as one would treasure. Cupping his hand he scooped them out and placed them on the table.
The first was a withered yellow plant with five ink-black leaves. That was the Inkleaf Lotus; each leaf represented 10 years of age.
The Snake Venom Fruit was round and about as big as half a fist. If the dark-green fruit was put beneath the nose one would smell a sweet and sour tanginess. The Snake Venom Fruit was quite rare being found only near the lairs of 5th Rank or above snake magical beasts! Due to the fruit"s association with the snake the fruit"s cold yin element was abundant and as a result the fruit was frequently used as a mediator for the effects of a medicine.
TL: Yin and Yang Yin is the "dark" side.
Spirit Gathering Grass despite mostly looking like normal grass had a small yellow light at the tips. The stronger the light the more pure the grass" energy.
The Rank 2 Water Attribute Magic Core had a rich azure-blue color. When put on the table it not only moisturized the surrounding air but also drenched the table! Needless to say the water property of the core was evident.
After his eyes swept across the ingredients once more Xiao Yan used a low voice to impatiently ask: "Teacher all the ingredients are present. Can we start refining?"
"Why are you so impatient it"s not like the ingredients are going to sprout feet and run away. We can"t be interrupted while refining it"s still light out. What if by some off-chance somebody comes in and we"re interrupted? Someone would learn about me and the ingredients would go to waste." Within the ring Yao Lao rang out: "It"s better to refine at night."
Hearing these words Xiao Yan dejectedly shook his head and let out a sigh. What else could he do other than hide the ingredients in a cupboard lie on his bed and wait for night to descend?
After lying for about half an hour his door was abruptly kicked open with a "bang!"
A pair of sexy slender legs walked in. Turns out it was Xiao Yu. She scanned the room and seeing that Xiao Yan was napping she coldly injected: "Young master dinner isn"t going to eat itself. Do you expect to receive an invitation or something?"
The process of Xiao Yan shifting from nap mode to full alert barely took a moment. Sitting upright on the bed he looked dazedly at Xiao Yu and after quite a while he broke into a cold sweat: "Damn it damn it good thing teacher didn"t start the refining process a while ago; this b*tch..."
Thinking about the "what if" situation caused Xiao Yan"s heart tremble; one could almost hear the "gulp" resounding from his throat. However after shifting his gaze to Xiao Yu he started to feel rage boil from within.
The corners of his mouth twitched and then Xiao Yan took a long breath finally calming down. As for the fear he felt a while ago it was converted to fury: "Idiot do you know what manners are? Are you smart enough to enter but too dumb to knock?! Where"s your upbringing?!"
This was the first time Xiao Yu saw an outwardly furious Xiao Yan and as a result she could only look on like an idiot. His stream of verbal abuse caused her charming face to ashen and at the same time she nipped her silver tooth. Then the pair of sexy legs moved in fact charged directly towards Xiao Yan: "Little bastard I kicked your door down. So what? From now on I"ll be kicking it down every day!"
With Xiao Yu charging at him wanting to teach him a lesson Xiao Yan was ashen-faced as well. He lifted up his palm and clenched it: "Vacuum Palm!"
A strong suction force rushed towards Xiao Yan"s palm causing the assaulter who attempted to stop just in front of the bed to instead land on top of it.
After attaining 9 Duan Dou Qi Xiao Yan"s Vacuum Palm"s suction strength increased by quite a bit. A few days ago moving the body weight of a person was simply unfathomable but now it was quite possible.
Although Xiao Yan was a bit surprised by the increase in efficacy the feeling didn"t last long and quickly turned into indignation. With a flip of his body he managed to subdue that pair of sexy legs and shortly after he ruthlessly pressed his butt against her flat and smooth jade-like underbelly and then quickly leaned over to press down both of his hands to restrain her hands.
Finding herself once again in such an embarrassing posture with Xiao Yan caused Xiao Yu to feel a bit dazed. After a moment that attractive face flushed red in a most alluring fashion and a violent struggle ensued. Xiao Yu once again bit her silver tooth cursing in a rage: "Little bastard go away!"
Due to the struggle to lock her two palms in place Xiao Yan"s also felt quite tired. At the start of another bout he suddenly gave way and pulled Xiao Yu"s palm causing her to flip over.
After the flip Xiao Yu"s back was arched as her long legs stretched out over the bed.
But Xiao Yan wasn"t in the mood to check them out. He gnashed his teeth raised up a hand and without hesitation slapped downwards
"Pa!"
The crisp sound fluttered inside the room and then into oblivion.
"Learned your lesson yet? Don"t enter my room without knocking first!"


Chapter 63:The Heavenly Flames Ranking
At the dining table Xiao Yan shot a crooked glance at the ferocious eater sitting in front of him. As Xiao Yu ate her silver teeth made crunching sounds. Curling his lips Xiao Yan recalled the previous peculiar yet splendid feeling and his right hand"s fingers couldn"t help but stroke the hollow of his palm.
Seated across from him Xiao Yu who had been staring maliciously at Xiao Yan the entire time saw his movements and her charming face turned red again.
Looking weirdly at Xiao Yu grinding her teeth and then seeing the nearby Xiao Yan"s nonchalant attitude Xun Er wrinkled her eyebrows in suspicion. Soon after she shook her head helplessly and little by little swallowed the food in front of her.
Xiao Yan"s gaze skipped over Xiao Yu and stopped on the body of Xiao Ning. At this moment Xiao Ning"s face was filled with joy; the curves on his mouth almost extended halfway across his face. Fingers lightly tapping the edge of the table Xiao Yan taking delight in other people"s misfortunes thought to himself: "This guy should have already received the Foundation Elixir right? Little does he know the elixir doesn"t have much of an effect to those at 8th Duan Qi or above..."
Laughing quietly to himself Xiao Yan"s line of sight swept over the surroundings in a somewhat bored manner. Looking at his smiling father his heart was bewildered: "The family communal meal isn"t it only held during certain holidays? What"s there to be so festive for today? Could it be that spending a large amount of money to buy the Foundation Elixir is an event worthy of being celebrated?"
Letting his imagination run wild Xiao Yan naturally didn"t know that this family communal meal was because of the words said by the mysterious black-cloaked person about collaborating with Xiao Clan if there was ever an opportunity to.
Working together with a second tier or higher alchemist would earn them profits that would make most people"s eyes red with envy. It was even possible that the family could thereby leap up in rank rising higher than the other two great families. Thus it was no surprise that the usual steady and calm father would be so happy. And for those several other elders they were even more so grinning from ear to ear. Looking at their half closed old eyes it was evident that this good fortune that had dropped out of the sky made them somewhat dazed.
The festive mood at the communal meal slowly faded and upon seeing his father"s wave of farewell Xiao Yan promptly jumped out of his chair. He then rushed out of the hall and went straight to his room.
Not long after Xiao Yan left Xiao Yu clenched her teeth and chased after him but could not find a single shadow. Helpless she could only stamp her feet in hatred and left with a heart filled with rage.
......
Returning to his room and having learned the hard way from his own personal experience Xiao Yan did not yet ask Lao Yao to immediately refine the medicine. After closing the door and window he lazily rolled onto his bed and feeling muddle-headed fell asleep.
Late at night after everyone had fallen asleep lying on the bed Xiao Yan opened his two eyes. He eagerly jumped off the bed and took out the hidden away ingredients from the cupboard. Carefully placing them on the table he turned his head. Looking towards Yao Lao the ghost that was floating a foot off of the ground Xiao Yan gently asked: "Teacher you"re ready now right?"
"At long last you"ve learned how to be a bit careful; refining pills requires an extremely quiet environment. If I am disturbed the consequences are very severe. Right now I won"t feel any retaliation damage but later when you begin learning alchemy if you continue to be careless then I"m afraid you will lose your little life a bit sooner rather than later." Yao Lao walked to one side of the table and gently touched each ingredient with his ghostly palm. Nodding his head slightly his dull tone of voice carried a little bit of severity.
Lowering his head in shame Xiao Yan scratched his head as he received the instructions.
Only after seeing Xiao Yan"s obedience did Yao Lao heave a sigh of relief. He drearily spread out his palms and a white flame burst forth.
With his soul perception continuously controlling the fire"s temperature Yao Lao took advantage of the idle time and cast a glance at Xiao Yan who was staring curiously at the fire in Yao Lao"s palm. Slightly hesitating Yao Lao quietly whispered: "The ranks of most alchemists can be distinguished from the color of their flame."
"Ordinary alchemists have flames with a faint yellow color. As their rank increases the flame color turns darker and the strength of the flame grows stronger."
Having heard what was said Xiao Yan blinked pointed at the flame in Yao Lao"s hands and asked: "Then teacher why is yours white?"
"Haha what I previously said was for the commonly-seen alchemist flames. However within the alchemist circle besides relying on Dou Qi as a catalyst for the flame there is also another method...." Yao Lao smiled with a hint of pride.
"That is borrowing the flame!"
"Borrowing the flame?" They weren"t unfamiliar words. He understood what each word meant but Xiao Yan was at a loss. How can one borrow the flame needed to refine pills?
"That"s right borrowing the flame." Nodding his head Yao Lao chuckled: "Within this boundless world there exists some heaven and earth Heavenly Flames. Perhaps the flame came from within a meteor that fell from the heavens or perhaps the flame came from the depths of a volcano forged through hundreds of thousands of years by the lava... the power of these Heavenly Flames is many times greater than the power of flames created through Dou Qi. Refining pills with these flames can even increase the effectiveness of the medicine. Only these heaven and earth Heavenly Flames are exceedingly violent and are seldom to come by. And even if you see one it is extremely difficult to control."
"A lot of alchemists spend their entire lives searching for these Heavenly Flames and still fail to obtain one. After all in order to control a Heavenly Flame you need to bring the flame into your body; however the nature of the flame is wildly destructive. Even the Magic Gold Diamond which is one of the hardest metals is unable to contain the Heavenly Flame"s heat and your fragile human body .... You would burn yourself alive. Therefore only the extremely few lucky winners can by chance refine a small amount of Heavenly Flame. Once the flame join together with the body these types of people without an exception are people of outstanding talent within the alchemist world."
Stunned for a long while Xiao Yan licked his lips his gaze was closely watching the white flame in Yao Lao"s palm and could faintly feel an ice-cold sensation.
"Teacher"s flame must be a type of Heavenly Flame right?" Xiao Yan inquired.
"He he." Lifting up his flame Yao Lao"s face gave off a light glow. Eyes blazing he spoke: "In the Dou Qi Mainland"s alchemist society the known Heavenly Flames are ranked in the "Heavenly Flames Ranking". There are a total of 23 types and my flame is ranked 11 known as the "Bone Chilling Flame". This type of Heavenly Flame only appears every hundred years when the eclipse occurs in the extreme cold and extreme Yin intersect......"
"Bone Chilling Flame?"

Without blinking Xiao Yan stared at that surging white flame and softly murmured to himself.



Chapter 64:Creation of the Qi Gathering Pill
"To obtain the "Bone Chilling Flame" I had waited in a place without light for eight long years and when the moment to assimilate the flame finally came despite all my preparations I was nearly burnt to ashes......" Yao Lao sighed as he shook his head; a rare lingering fear could be seen on his normally serene face. Looks like that encounter had left a strong impression on him.
"Hehe although it was extremely dangerous having obtained the "Bone Chilling Flame" in the end it was all worth it." Yao Lao proudly declared as he waved about the white flame in the palm of his hand as if showing it off to a large crowd. He then smiled as he continued to elaborate: "With a Heavenly Flame not only can you refine pills of better quality but also when encountering a foe of the same level he would not be a match for you."
Hearing this Xiao Yan gazed at that raging dull-white flame his face filled with envy.
Seeing that envious look on Xiao Yan"s face Yao Lao let out a laugh as a devious expression flashed across his face. His tone changed as he said: "Something like a Heavenly Flame is still a long way off for you. For now your greatest wish should be to become a Dou Zhe as soon as possible."
Feeling regretful Xiao Yan nodded his head. He could only temporarily slurp back the drool that had formed due to his longing for the Heavenly Flame and drag himself back to face reality.
Yao Lao lightly smiled at the sight of Xiao Yan coming back to his senses. At the center of his hand the white flame continued to burn as wisps escaped to soar up into the air only to dissipate shortly after.
A dry hand picked up a stalk of Ink-leaf Lotus and gently dropped it into the flame.
As the Ink-leaf Lotus came into contact with the "Bone Chilling Flame" it was instantly burned into the form of an ink-black liquid which rolled about within the flame revealing its hidden luster.
The white flame churned as it grew more and more intense yet Xiao Yan noticed that strangely the air surrounding the white flame grew colder and colder.
Yao Lao was concentrating all his attention into controlling the temperature of the flame within his palm. If the temperature were just a slight bit higher the ink-black liquid would be evaporated into nothingness.
After the temperature of the flame was maintained at a certain point for a period of time specks of yellow impurity suddenly appeared within the ink-black liquid.
Gazing at the yellow specks of impurity Yao Lao finally gave a slight nod. With a light flick of his finger the yellow specks gathered and separated with some of the ink-black liquid into a smaller ball of liquid and was expelled from the main body.
After expelling the yellow impurities other tiny light yellow impurities started appearing one after another. Likewise these impurities were cleaned up by Yao Lao.
The white flame continued to burn within it the ink-black liquid which was originally half a fist large had shrunk to a mere thumb size amount.
Deep black liquid rolled about at the center of the white flame like a black pearl serene and mysterious.
When the first stalk of Ink-leaf Lotus was the size of a thumb Yao Lao finally stopped calcining. He continued by dropping the other four stalks into the flame calcining them into four black pearl-like balls of pure liquid.
After a long period of purification by the "Bone Chilling Flame" five small bodies of fluid slowly fused together. At the moment of fusion the volume expanded by a large extent however a split second later it shrunk to only a thumb size.
Having spent a long time rolling about in the white flame it was as if within the inky-blackness of the liquid a small white flame could be seen dancing about.
Seeing this in one fluid motion Yao Lao quickly grabbed the Snake Venom Fruit on the table and threw it into the flame.
Once the Snake Venom Fruit entered the flame it was transformed into a dark green fluid which emitted traces of icy air. Removing the impurities from the dark green fluid Yao Lao gradually covered the dark green fluid with the now burning ink-black fluid.
"Zi! Zi!......"
Strange noises echoed about as the two liquids of different attributes met and a white smoky plume rose from within the raging flame.
As the plume of smoke given off gradually decreased a rough pill-like object started to form from within the flame.
Gazing serenely upon the almost formed pill Yao Lao slightly inclined his head. Once again he threw the Spirit Gathering Grass and the Water Attribute Rank 2 Magic Stone into the flame.
Melt into liquid remove impurities fuse together...... these three types of actions were complicated procedures which required a meticulous effort. Yet Yao Lao managed to accomplish all of them as if they were a single fluid motion not even stopping a single time.
Having seen Yao Lao"s sharp and precise movements even Xiao Yan an outsider to the Alchemist ways who had yet to understand even the basics of the art could not help but praise Yao Lao in his heart.
Neutralizing the rampaging power in the Magic Stone with the Spirit Gathering Grass the pure light blue energy was poured into the pill-like object as it was still forming.
When the last drop of blue energy entered into the pill the bumpy-looking pill-like object was restored into a smooth and slippery shape. A dull blue gleam could be seen hovering on the surface of the pill making it look both splendid and magnificent.
Though finished with all the steps Yao Lao did not stop there. Instead he warmed the pill in the flame for almost ten minutes before finally extinguishing the white flame within his palm.
When the flame died away Yao Lao"s left hand swiftly sucked a jade bottle from the table towards him and fluidly stored the pill colored in shades of dark green and light blue into the bottle.
"Phew......" A long sigh escaped his lips as Yao Lao threw the jade bottle to Xiao Yan. He then proceeded to smugly say: "Take a look."
Carefully accepting the jade bottle Xiao Yan excitedly brought it under his nose to take a whiff. A familiar fragrance entered his nostrils which made him feel renewed with energy.
While eyeing the bluish green pill within the bottle Xiao Yan"s outstanding soul perception let him vaguely know that this Qi Gathering Powder was better than the one previously brought by Nalan Yanran in both quality and effectiveness!
At the thought of Nalan Yanran"s look and tone as she held the pill Xiao Yan let out a mocking smile.
Shaking his head Xiao Yan tightly gripped the warm jade bottle heavily heaving out a breath. It had been four years now he could finally once again step into that level......


Chapter 65:Dou Zhe Advancement
Though Xiao Yan had obtained the Qi Gathering Pill he did not immediately consume it. Rather he let out a deep sigh as he forcefully suppressed his impatience and made himself get into bed to rest.
Xiao Yan knew that if he started the process to become a Dou Zhe in his current state the chances of failure were over 70%. Although Yao Lao could easily create another Qi Gathering Pill Xiao Yan did not want to take an unnecessary risk that could be easily avoided.
Seeing that Xiao Yan was able to resist the enticement of immediately breaking through the Dou Zhe level Yao Lao nodded his head with a sense of satisfaction. With that gratified look on his face his body dazzled as he transformed into ray of light and disappeared into the ring.
......
After the completion of the Qi Gathering Pill Xiao Yan"s training pace gradually slowed into a stable rhythm. Everyday he did an hour of Dou Qi training before going to the mountains at the back of the Xiao Clan to practice his Dou Skills. If he had time Xiao Yan would accompany Xun Er to stroll about Wu Tang City. All in all an extremely satisfying leisurely life.
When five days of this easy going life had passed Xiao Yan finally felt that he was at the peak condition. It was now the best time to try to become a Dou Zhe.
......
In the mountains behind the Xiao Clan estate there existed a hidden cave under a cliff. This cave was about a meter wide and had been specially chosen by Xiao Yan as his training ground. On the other side of the cliff were misty clouds while further down under the mist was the Devil Beast Mountain Range filled with many fierce beasts. Below the cliff was a precipice so deep you could not see into its depths. The only entrance to the cave was a narrow trail which had already been concealed by Xiao Yan using branches and stones. Thus Xiao Yan was very sure that if he chose this place to make a breakthrough he would not be interrupted by anyone.
Slowly breathing in Xiao Yan brought out the jade bottle. Tilting the bottle a blueish green pill rolled out.
Gazing upon the glossy and smooth Qi Gathering Pill a small smile formed on Xiao Yan"s face. He once again inhaled the fragrance that would ease one"s heart. Licking his lips Xiao Yan unhesitantly popped the pill into his mouth.
As the Qi Gathering Pill entered his mouth an ice-cold sensation could be felt transmitting from his mouth. A split second later a luke warm pure energy essence started transferring from his mouth into his body eliciting a violent jerk of Xiao Yan"s body.
With a serene face Xiao Yan used both hands to quickly form the hand seal of absorbing Dou Qi. His breathing steadily eased as the Dou Qi within his body responded to his thoughts and started to rapidly tangle with the strong and pure essence from the pill to rapidly refine it.
Within the small cave the originally tranquil air suddenly heaved as lines of white Dou Zi Qi gathered from the air and surged continuously into Xiao Yan"s body.
Biting his lip in pain the two energies collided within his body and caused waves of pain to emanate from the channels all over his body. Thankfully Xiao Yan"s channels were much tougher than an ordinary person"s and thus even though it was painful it would not cause too much damage to him.
In his body the Dou Qi surrounded the pure green energy essence rapidly refining it. Green energy was continuously being changed into white Dou Qi and with the newly formed Dou Qi to propel the process the Dou Qi within Xiao Yan"s body rapidly expanded to the point where it could be seen growing with the naked eye.
Even though the pure essence from the pill was being refined unceasingly the essence kept flowing endlessly. Everytime the Dou Qi managed to refine a batch of essence a new and bigger batch of green energy would gush forward.
With both Dou Qi being refined within his body and absorbed from outside the Dou Qi within Xiao Yan"s body gradually filled a large portion of his body"s channels.
As before the refining process continued. When the pill essence finally started to diminish Xiao Yan who was drunk on the rapid growth of his power suddenly realised that the Dou Qi in his body had swelled to a critical point and could no longer be increased.
The increasing Dou Qi caused Xiao Yan"s channels to twitch as the corners of Xiao Yan"s mouth split open in response to the waves of intense pain.
"Quick! Condense the Dou Qi cyclone! Before it explodes!" Yao Lao shout was like a clap of thunder exploding out in Xiao Yan"s heart.
Taking in a deep breath of cool air Xiao Yan"s hand seals suddenly changed in a flash of understanding. Touching his thumbs and middle fingers at the same spot the ten fingers in his hand formed a weird hand seal.
Xiao Yan had taken this step years before and therefore when he used it once again it flowed like water smooth and undeterred.
Following the change in hand seal the surging Dou Qi within Xiao Yan"s body suddenly flooded downwards under a wild and ferocious sucking force from the abdomen.
When all of the Dou Qi had gathered into the abdomen area the white Dou Qi started turning to a milky white color.
"Quickly compress the Dou Qi! Use your soul perception to compress it if the Dou Qi fails to be condensed into a cyclone you will once again drop to the 8 Duan Qi!" Yao Lao"s shout resounded once again in Xiao Yan"s heart.
Slightly nodding his head Xiao Yan concentrated his mind to the task. In an instant his outstanding soul perception acquired control over the Dou Qi. The rapid compression started......
The milky white Dou Zi Qi resisted the guidance of the soul perception violently churning about.
Though the resistance was in no way weak Xiao Yan"s soul perception had shocked even Yao Lao. Thus the Dou Qi resistance was akin to a praying mantis trying to block a car only slightly resisting before grudgingly pulling back.
When the Dou Qi was compressed to the size of a palm it froze and stopped moving.
"Compress again!" Yao Lao shouted.
Gritting his teeth Xiao Yan screwed his eyes shut. The spiritual perception surrounding the white Dou Qi abruptly peaked in power before ruthlessly pressing down!
"Bang!"
A light muffled noise quietly sounded within Xiao Yan"s body......
Following this the resistance from the Dou Qi finally dissipated leaving behind a drained Xiao Yan.
A heavy sigh escaped as Xiao Yan fell powerlessly to the ground his chest rose and fell rapidly due to exhaustion.
As he laid on the cold floor of the cave Xiao Yan yet again experienced abundant energy that he had not felt for four years. A smile floated upon his lips growing wider and wider until at last it became a chuckle a hearty laughter a howling laughter......


Chapter 66:Flame Mantra
After lying on the icy cold rock floor for a long time Xiao Yan finally managed to catch his breath. The genuine happiness plastered across his face was hard to conceal as he tested out his numb legs before once again entering a training posture.
Xiao Yan breathed out gently and slowly closing his eyes he let his thoughts gradually delve into the mysteries of his body.
u"Inner View: a support technique unique to those of Dou Zhe level and above. The greater ones strength the deeper one would be able to explore and penetrate the deeper mysteries of one"s body."
His thoughts ventured into his abdominal area where a milky white palm-sized Vortex slowly stirred. Cream-white energy swirled around the Vortex in a nebulous mist.
Observing the tiny Vortex with his thoughts Xiao Yan nodded his head -he was satisfied. Although the Vortex was tiny the energy contained within it was more than ten times more potent than what he had when he was 9 Duan Qi!
Dou Zhe and 9 Duan Qi had different natures. The energy assimilated before becoming a Dou Zhe was actually called Dou Zi Qi after becoming a Dou Zhe the assimilated energy was now known as true Dou Qi!
Though there was but a one word difference between their names the true difference was more like comparing heaven to earth: completely incomparable.
Xiao Yan consciously directed his thoughts to take control of the Vortex. Under its control a thread of milky white Dou Qi was swiftly extracted from the Vortex and allowed to swirl around.
Continuously controlling the Vortex making it spew forth and absorb back the Dou Qi with his thoughts Xiao Yan"s mastery slowly increased. Only when he was satisfied did Xiao Yan finally stop this game-like training and withdraw his thoughts out of his body.
His tightly shut eyes suddenly opened revealing a milky white light that lingered for about ten seconds before fading away within his black pupils.
Xiao Yan then opened his mouth to spit out a mouthful of murky and impure air after which his complexion brightened noticeably.
Rolling his head from side to side to stretch his neck cracking sounds could be heard which drew out a grin from Xiao Yan. As he lifted his head to gaze at the ghostly figure of Yao Lao who was floating just outside the cave Xiao Yan smiled brightly and said: "Success."
"Hmpf it is your good fortune to have successfully condensed a Qi Vortex on your first try." Yao Lao replied in an indifferent tone as he nodded his head.
"More like I depended on my own abilities?" Xiao Yan retorted as he loosened his shoulders. Suddenly he remembered something as a fawning look appeared on his face. Stretching out a hand he asked somewhat bashfully: "Teacher I have already reached the Dou Zhe level isn"t it time to give me a Qi Technique?"
Yao Lao rolled his eyes. His body floated into the cave and he slowly sat before Xiao Yan. He thought for a while before he asked with a solemn expression: "What Qi Technique do you want?"
"Well the......the thing that"s more strange than a Heaven Tier Qi Technique the one that can.. that can evolve." Xiao Yan scratched his head and asked in a somewhat embarrassed tone.
Hearing Xiao Yan a look of conflict flashed across Yao Lao"s face and unexpectedly he remained silent.
"Master what"s wrong? Did you lie about that Qi Technique?" Seeing the look on Yao Lao"s face Xiao Yan couldn"t help but nervously ask.
"The Qi Technique that I told you about can indeed evolve I didn"t fool you." Yao Lao whispered.
Hearing Yao Lao confirm his question a sense of happiness rushed to Xiao Yan"s face. Twisting his hands he carefully asked: "Then can you let me use it?"
"This strange Qi Technique can indeed evolve but the risk is very high." Yao Lao exclaimed after being silent for a long time.
Seeing the look on Yao Lao"s face Xiao Yan slowly pulled his hand back and asked "How high?"
Yao Lao smiled bitterly "In my life I have never seen anyone train this Qi Technique or heard about anyone that uses this Qi Technique. So I don"t know how high the risk is however with my experience and upon seeing the difficulty of this Technique I would say that the maximum success rate would not be more than 20%.... "
"20%?" Xiao Yan"s face stiffened "It"s that low?"
Yao Lao sighed and nodded "I"m afraid that it is that low."
Smiling bitterly and massaging his forehead Xiao Yan was still reluctant to give up on the chance to learn an evolving Qi Technique. The temptation for a Qi Technique that could evolve into a Heaven Tier Qi Technique was simply too big.
"Teacher can you give me an overview of this Qi Technique?"
Yao Lao rubbed his palms together and whispered after a while "This Qi Technique"s requirements to "evolve" is related to the Heavenly Flames that I"ve told you before."
Xiao Yan"s eyes narrowed and he kept silent while listening carefully.
"Okay I obtained this Dou Qi technique through an accident. This Qi Technique originally was nameless. However I gave it a name called "Flame Mantra". Speaking up to here Yao Lao tried to hide the mixed expression on his face. It seemed the process to obtain this Dou Qi technique was not as easy as he had told previously.
"Flame Mantra can indeed evolve but one of its preconditions is that it needs a "Heavenly Flame" as raw material. With each evolution it needs to swallow one type of "Heavenly Flame"!" Yao Lao"s voice became somewhat rough: "You need to know that "Heavenly Flames" are some of the most violent forms of energy in this world. Even if you find it no one can guarantee that you will be able to swallow it. In the past when I discovered this "Bone Chilling Flame" I was almost burned alive to nothingness by it...
"The scariest part of this Method is the need to assimilate the various "Heavenly Flames" ...... any one of the Heavenly Flames could place a Dou Huang on the precipice between life and death I dare not imagine what would happen to a person who had two types of Heavenly Flames in their body......"
Gazing at the unfathomable look that Yao Lao had Xiao Yan was also frightened stiff swallowing Heavenly Flames to evolve? God dammit you can"t even be sure of whether you will be able to consume the flame or if the flame will consume you! The creator of this Qi Method must have be one crazy person.
"Although this Technique is dangerous beyond your wildest dreams I do not doubt its potential. If it is truly mastered...... in the Dou Qi Continent with the exception of a few irregulars...... no one else would be your match." Yao Lao sighed.
Xiao Yan nodded slightly awed at its potential. If someone were able to control a few types of Heavenly Flames even a Dou Sheng would not dare take that person lightly. Of course that is only if that someone does not first get consumed by the Heavenly Flames......
Eyeing Xiao Yan Yao Lao hesitated for a while before asking: "Now do you...... still want to learn it?"
Xiao Yan slightly shivered in silence.


Chapter 67:Choice
Regarding the "Flame Mantra" Xiao Yan truly did not want to abandon it. After all to be able to evolve to a Tian Dou Qi technique the ability was really enticing. On this enormous Dou Qi continent a Tian Rank Dou Qi Technique would be equal to a ticket to become the strongest.
Although the Qi method was powerful the success rate was not even 20%. This fact would discourage most people. With his 10 fingers intersecting tightly together Xiao Yan"s face changed continuously bouncing between hesitation and distress.
Watching the apprehension on Xiao Yan"s face calmly Yao Lao"s old face also showed a mixed expression. After a while he sighed softly: "This matter can only be decided by yourself. I also do not want to meddle too much. However I want to ask you one thing......What are your feelings toward the girl Xun Er?"
"Eh?" To be asked about this issue by Yao Lao startled him. Xiao Yan"s face blushed somewhat. Opening his mouth after a while and with a forced smile he said: "Teacher why do you suddenly ask about this? Xun Er is my younger sister. Towards her......what feeling could I have?" At those last words Xiao Yan seemed to feel somewhat weak.
"Hehe sister? You also know that you do not have the slightest blood relation to her. This beautiful girl is only about 15 or 16 years old yet the Xiao clan"s young generation already admires her endlessly. When she is grown up what is there to say anymore?" Speaking up to here Yao Lao shot a glance to Xiao Yan. Smiling dimly he said: "If you think about the possibility that one day another man might marry her. How would you feel?"
Forcing a faint smile on his face Xiao Yan pursed his brows slowly. He let out a light breath and whispered: "Seems......a little hard to accept."
"Hehe since you can feel that it is somewhat hard to accept then in your heart you don"t simply think of her as only your younger sister......" Yao Lao was smiling yet not smiling as he spoke.
His face red once more Xiao Yan was speechless and he mumbled somewhat. Spreading out his arms helplessly with a forced smile he said: "Teacher what do you actually want to say?"
"All of that was to clear your mind about what feeling you have towards her......Since you and her already have unclear thoughts you should judge your own strength and your development potential." Congealing his face Yao Lao gulped and somewhat doubtfully spoke: "The girl"s background is a little frightful. I do not know the exact truth about her background. Somehow the small Xiao Clan has some kind of a relationship of with them. However only this cannot fill the wide gap between you. The gap of status between you two is really too immense. Even if the girl likes you those people behind her can not agree to it in any way!"
Closing his eyes Xiao Yan intersected his palms together and held them tightly.
"This continent is a world where strength is respected. To have strength is also to have dignity. Previously you saw the behavior of Nalan Yanran. The reason as to how she is capable of acting so haughty and how she was able to look down on you is because of her background: her strength is greater than yours!" Looking at Xiao Yan"s appearance Yao Lao sighed with sincere and earnest words.
"The power behind Xun Er is more frightening than the Faction of the Misty Cloud. Therefore in their eyes you are only but a worm. Even though you have outstanding talent they are unlikely to see you as anything important. Truly through the years they have already seen many extremely gifted talents......only if you are able to make them fear your strength  will you have fulfilled your wish."
Xiao Yan touched his nose and with a shrug he asked softly: "Will practicing "Flame Mantra" give me that kind of power?"
"Actually only by successfully practicing "Flame Mantra" will you have that chance!" Yao Lao shook his head and he stared again.
Sighing lightly Xiao Yan braced his chin. The smile of that elegant girl in the former days appeared ineffably before his eyes slowly. The silver bell-like laughter hovered in his ear.
Taking a long breath Xiao Yan smiled bitterly and said: "Teacher has said this much and still calls it not meddling with my decision?"
"Hehe......" Yao Lao stroked his withered and aged face as he let out an awkward laugh. Slightly embarrassed he replied: "Okay I admit I may have had some intentions of goading you but from my point of view I really hoped that you would practice this "Flame Mantra"."
"You should know that I am currently just a mere spirit right?" Yao Lao spread out his arms as he asked.
Xiao Yan nodded.
"Other people may have died but since my soul perception is much stronger than others I have somehow strangely survived in this form......" Yao Lao smiled bitterly as if he was mocking himself.
"I do not like to live this way each day feels like a fake and empty illusion to me. I still have things that I must personally accomplish therefore I need to leave this spirit state."
"Teacher wants to revive?" Xiao Yan blinked in slight disbelief. Stunned he continued: "In this world there should be nothing that would be able to revive the dead right?"
"Under normal circumstances it is so." Nodding in agreement a passionate expression appeared on Yao Lao as he continued: "Yet according to some obscure descriptions of the "Flame Mantra" if successfully mastered one would be able to blend a few types of Heavenly Flames together to forge a body that could house a spirit. Obtaining such a body would be a sort of rebirth for me......"
"In the ring I have endured countless years in a world without daylight all in hopes of one day meeting a person who has a strong enough soul perception that is able to meet my requirements. I am very lucky to have finally met you." A deep sorrow was etched into the lines of that wrinkled and aged face though it could only be perceived by a very observant person.
Yao Lao gazed into Xiao Yan"s pitch black pair of eyes that stared back at him smiling bitterly he continued: "Heh just take these words as the idle rumblings of an old man. Alas though I"ve said that I would not interfere in the end I could not help but speak I am truly......"
Sadly shaking his head Yao Lao stretched forth his gnarled hands. With a small wave one black and one red scroll faintly glimmered as they appeared in each hand.
"The red scroll is a fire attributed Low Di Qi Method while the black scroll is the "Flame Mantra"....." Yao Lao smiled as he raised both hands. His withered face softened slightly as he gently said: "Make your own choice and think about the factors that drive you as long as you remember that whatever your choice you will always be my disciple and I will never blame you for it."
Xiao Yan"s palm supported his chin as he stared blankly at the two glittering scroll in front of him. A long time later he licked his lips and raised his shoulders lazily while smiling: "Although I am afraid of death without power there is no honor. I refuse to go through the kind of humiliation that Nalan Yanran gave me that day ever again. And still even if it does not go well I can always change to another Qi Method."
Shaking his head a brilliant smile lit up Xiao Yan"s already delicate face. In Yao Lao"s slightly red and moist eyes the figure of Xiao Yan could be seen stretching out his hand to firmly grab the black scroll.
When his hand touched the scroll it transformed into a stream of information which poured directly into Xiao Yan"s head.


Chapter 68:Fallen Heart Flame
In the narrow cave Yao Lao watched with closed eyes as Xiao Yan trained his Dou Qi. Rubbing his reddish eyes with his hands Yao Lao knew that he was one of the reasons why Xiao Yan had chosen this dangerous technique. Emotions welled up within his old heart as he turned to face the sky. With a low sigh he murmured: "Rest assured I will definitely nurture you into the most outstanding Alchemist......"
After making the breakthrough to become a Dou Zhe one would possess the qualifications to practice a Qi Method. After practicing a Technique the attributeless milky white Dou Qi within the body would change into the same attribute as the practiced Technique.
One did not need too much time for the first Dou Qi change thus barely two hours later Xiao Yan slowly opened his eyes from his cross legged sitting position.
Having practiced the Dou Qi Technique Xiao Yan looked full of vitality and vigor compared to before. In high spirits his delicate face shone even more with the glossiness of a beautiful piece of jade.
Xiao Yan blinked a few times as his eyes adjusted to the lighting in the cave which had become much brighter than before. Lightly smiling he knew that this increase in sensitivity was due to the practice of the Qi Method.
"Have you succeeded?" Yao Lao asked with a smile on his face.
"Yeah." Xiao Yan nodded as he held out a fair palm. The Qi Vortex within his body swirled as a stream of pale yellow Dou Qi left the vortex before finally stopping at an acupuncture point on his palm.
Materializing Dou Qi could only be achieved by those who had attained at least the Da Dou Shi level. The current Xiao Yan obviously did not possess that level of strength thus the Dou Qi in his body was unable to emerge from the acupuncture point on his palm. The Dou Qi stayed stuck causing Xiao Yan"s fair palm to be gradually suffused in a light yellow glow like an almost burnt out candle barely able to scatter away the darkness.
Light yellow was the color of a fire attributed Low Huang Qi Method. The higher the rank of the Qi Method the deeper the color.
As his eyes gazed upon the meager yellow light on his palm Xiao Yan helplessly shook his head. Lifting his head he forced a smile as he said: "Before this "Flame Mantra" evolves my Dou Qi would be of a lower rank than almost everyone else. No need to consider those of a higher level I can"t even be sure of winning over someone of the same level who had practiced a Xuan Level Method..."
"Though the "Flame Mantra" is only at the Low Huang now its might would not lose to that of a Middle Huang. Moreover although the Qi Method is weak don"t you still have your Dou Techniques? Three Xuan Level Dou Techniques are enough to make up for the gap in your Method." Yao Lao smiled as he consoled Xiao Yan. Shortly after he added a warning: "Since your Qi Method is inferior to others it also means that your endurance levels cannot compare to theirs. Therefore in future battles you need to be more efficient no more wasted movements and every move must contain your full force behind it! Make sure to end each fight quickly!"
Xiao Yan nodded in understanding however his face puckered as if still somewhat depressed.
Seeing this look on Xiao Yan and knowing his personality Yao Lao helplessly shook his head. With no other alternative he could only pay the price and say: "When you have thoroughly mastered the three Dou Techniques you now possess I will once again give you a new Dou Technique. You"ll be biting off more than you can chew right now you should understand this principle right?
"What rank?" Xiao Yan"s eyes lit up as he very carefully inquired.
Angry yet happy at Xiao Yan"s cautious appearance Yao Lao stroked his beard and coldly snorted: "All I"ll say is that it won"t be lower than the level of "Octane Blast"."
At these words Xiao Yan face immediately lit up like the sun. Octane Blast was a High Xuan Dou Technique what could be higher than that?
Di Level!
Though Di Level was only one grade better than High Xuan Level the distance between the two was as wide as the grand canyon. With enough wealth and a bit of luck one could occasionally obtain a High Xuan Dou Technique from a high-ranking auction. Yet a Di Level Dou Technique could be said to be priced beyond the market as it was once heard that in the imperial capital of Jia Ma Empire the price of a Di Level Dou Technique had rocketed to a sky-high price of about ten million which was equivalent to an entire year of taxes from the entire Jia Ma Empire.
Although it was merely one grade of difference the price between the two was more than a hundred times. From this it could be seen that Xuan Level and Di Level were two completely different concepts.
Thinking about this almost legendary level Xiao Yan"s feelings boiled over wishing he could compel Yao Lao to teach it to him straightaway. However after considering the status and relationship between the two of them he decided to obediently give up on that comical idea.
"Teacher when will you teach me Alchemy?" Temporarily letting go of the thoughts of the Di Level Dou Technique  Xiao Yan asked yet again.
"Alchemy is not meant to be learnt in this small and tiny clan." Yao Lao answered as he shook he head. Smiling he continued: "In addition almost half the time has passed since you made the three year bet between yourself and Nalan Yanran. It is foolish to stay in Wu Tan City any more the training speed here is too slow. Furthermore I am unable to utilise some training methods due to complicated and various reasons. Thus I want to bring you on a training trip for slightly over a year."
"More than a year?" Hearing this Xiao Yan was somewhat hesitant however when he thought about that haughty woman he resolutely nodded his head and replied: "Okay a year so be it. When do we leave?"
"Let us wait for two months." Yao Lao smiled and said.
"Why wait for so long?" Xiao Yan asked in bewilderment.
"Because one month later is the time for Jia Nan Academy to enroll new students and you need to go register." Yao Lao lightly smiled as he replied.
Rolling his eyes Xiao Yan forced out a smile and questioned: "What do I need to do there? I am not lacking in Qi Methods or Dou Techniques what else can they teach me?"
"I"m not asking you to learn something there." Yao Lao gave him "the eye" as his eyebrows creased. Lowering his voice Yao Lao said: "You need to go to Jia Nan Academy to search for a type of "Heavenly Flame" I had previously obtained intelligence that in Jia Nan Academy there should be a type of Heavenly Flame called "Fallen Heart Flame". This Heavenly Flame is ranked 14th on the "Heavenly Flames List"! If you are able to obtain this Heavenly Flame "Flame Mantra" could possibly evolve......"
"Fallen Heart Flame?"
Xiao Yan softly whispered this queer name to himself as his eyes gradually lit up.


Chapter 69:The Furious Xun Er
After settling everything Xiao Yan slowly emerged from the cave. Following the mountain path he sneakily climbed to the mountain top and glanced about to check that no one else was around. Finally letting out a sigh of relief he took large strides as he walked directly towards the clan home.
Leisurely returning to the clan Xiao Yan chanced upon the three Clan Elders who hurriedly rushed past as they brushed shoulders with him in the front courtyard. Pausing his step Xiao Yan was somewhat puzzled at the gloomy yet furious faces of the three Elders who had just left.
"Who has offended them now?" Amazed Xiao Yan shook his head and turned around to find a green clothed young maiden scuttling out from a side path to stand slender and elegant before him.
At the sight of the adorable Xun Er who wore a smiling expression on her face Xiao Yan"s heart skipped a beat. Thinking back on what Yao Lao had asked in the cave his face grew hot as he somewhat guiltily turned his gaze to the sky to act as if he was in thought.
Slightly dazed by Xiao Yan"s unusual behaviour it was only a moment later that Xun Er shook her head as she could not make heads or tails of the reason behind this change. Taking a step forward she fluidly glanced over Xiao Yan as a look of surprise appeared on her delicate face. Both hands on her back she leaned forward until there was only 1 cm between them she feigned a smile and said: "Elder Brother Xiao Yan you"ve advanced to Dou Zhe?"
Overwhelmed by the fragrant warm breath that blew onto his face Xiao Yan momentarily lost his wits. Furiously shaking his head to break the spell he firmly forced down his fluttering heart. Patting the head of the young maiden who was as tall as him he grudgingly said: "Why can"t you let me say it myself to satisfy my conceited tendencies?"
Hearing this Xun Er"s eyes slightly curved into the shape of a beautiful crescent moon. Like always She extended out a fair delicate hand and started to earnestly smooth the creases on Xiao Yan"s clothes.
In the past when Xiao Yan was treated this way by Xun Er he did not think twice about it. Yet today after the feelings in his heart had been exposed by Yao Lao he was now suddenly disturbed by this gesture.
Near this path other clansmen occasionally passed by. At the sight of Xun Er helping Xiao Yan to tidy his clothes like a wife they could not help but be full of envy.
As he inclined his head to look upon her delicate and flawless face a strand of fine black hair fell across her forehead. It emphasized the largeness of her eyes which fluidly wandered about an exceedingly touching sight.
Staring blankly at Xun Er the pace of Xiao Yan"s breathing gradually increased as his gaze heated up with passion.
"Xiao Yan ge-ge......you what are you looking at." Xun Er quietly grumbled after she patted down the creases on Xiao Yan"s clothes. She had finally become aware of his passionate gaze her cheeks reddening in response.
"Ah? Oh......" coming to his senses Xiao Yan"s face also turned a shade of pink. Luckily his skin was much thicker than Xun Er"s after faking two coughs he nonchalantly replied: "Nothing much it"s just that Xun Er has become more and more pretty."
Hearing Xiao Yan"s words Xun Er did not reply and gently snorted. However her rosy lips lifted to form a pleased expression.
"Oh right......" Recalling something Xun Er abruptly cast a glance over Xiao Yan"s body again before gently asking: "Since Xiao Yan ge-ge has already advanced to Dou Zhe then a Qi Method has also be learnt?"
Xiao Yan"s expression stiffened as he embarrassedly nodded in affirmation.
Slim fingers pressed against her snow white chin Xun Er laughed merrily and said: "Would you let Xun Er see what level Qi Method it is?"
"*Coughs*.....uh Qi Methods...are just objects that aside......As long as one works hard won"t the level not matter?" Xiao Yan replied as he gave out a hollow laugh.
Observing Xiao Yan"s expression a dangerous glint slowly appeared in Xun Er"s eyes yet her tone remained gentle as she said: "Xiao Yan ge-ge just let Xun Er take a look......"
At the obstinate Xun Er Xiao Yan could only helplessly shrug his shoulders as he stretched out a hand. A moment later a weak light yellow glow appeared.
"Xiao Yan ge-ge this is the better Technique that you talked about?" Staring at the light yellow glow that looked as if it would be extinguished at any moment Xun Er"s face turned a little unsightly. Her rosy lips pursed displaying the indignation in her heart.
Xiao Yan awkwardly laughed unsure of how to explain.
"You clearly know that if you possess a high-grade Qi Method in the initial stages it goes without saying that it would benefit your future training. Yet you rejected me Xun Er was not trying to give you charity. Worst case scenario you could have returned the Qi Method when you got a better one. However now you"re practicing the lowest tier of Qi Methods is this not to spite me?" Xun Er"s eyes widely opened as she glared at Xiao Yan in anger. Her long eyelashes sparkled with moisture.
Being capable of making the sweet-natured Xun Er use this manner of speech it is possible to imagine just how much Xun Er was puzzled and furious at Xiao Yan"s actions.
As his eyes fell upon a Xun Er who was biting her lips while stubbornly hoping for an answer from him Xiao Yan helplessly shook his head. He forced a smile and replied in a low voice: "We have lived together for ten years do you still not understand me? Do you really think that I would be the kind of person that would let go of a high level Qi Method and instead practice the lowest level of Qi Methods like an idiot?"
"But your Method...is undoubtedly of the Low Huang Level I can feel it." Xun Er obstinately insisted after hearing Xiao Yan"s reply; though the anger on her face had already slightly dissipated.
"A book cannot be judged by its cover currently it is not convenient for me to tell you in detail about the reason but someday in the future you will understand. The present me is definitely not letting my emotions cloud my judgement......" Xiao Yan said as he smiled.
"Really?" Gazing at the serious look on Xiao Yan Xun Er mulled in silence for awhile before hesitantly asking once again.
"Yes it"s true of course its true......" Xiao Yan hastily nodded his head. Fearing that she would continue to ask about the issue he quickly changed the topic by asking: "Did something happen in the clan recently? How come the elders had such uncomfortable expressions?"
"Yea recently the Jia Lie Clan managed to invite a first tier Alchemist from god knows where. At present their marketplace has a new remedy called "Return of Spring Powder". This remedy is cheap yet effective making it extremely well received and loved by the mercenaries in Wu Tan City." Xun Er nodded as she furrowed her eyebrows and continued explaining: "Because of the influence from the "Return of Spring Powder" the traffic in the Xiao Clan marketplace has been cut by almost half and because of this loss the merchants from the marketplace have relocated to the Jia Lie Clan"s Marketplace. Though it had only been a few days the Xiao Clan has already suffered economically by quite a bit causing Uncle Xiao to worry about this event."
Hearing this Xiao Yan nodded his head in understanding no wonder the three Elders had such gloomy expressions.
Xiao Yan slightly narrowed his eyes as he rubbed his nose sneering in his heart: "Just a mere first tier Alchemist does Jia Lie Clan really think he"s something?"


Chapter 70:Investigation
Xiao Yan found an excuse to part with Xun Er before stealthily slipping out of the clan. Pausing quickly to think he decided to go to the nearest small marketplace owned by the Jia Lie Clan.
Although he was not interested in helping the Elders to ease their troubles he hoped within his capabilities he could be of some help to his father. To help he would need to know where to start thus Xiao Yan needed to first investigate the Jia Lie Clan"s marketplaces.
This small marketplace owned by the Jia Lie Clan was positioned in a somewhat remote area and thus usually enjoyed a small crowd. However when Xiao Yan walked into the marketplace he was overwhelmed by the jam-packed streets and the deafening clamor of the crowds.
u"On the wide street people rushed about. Some bare-armed and burly men were shouting while desperately pushing their way through the crowd. From the faint smell of blood emitting from these men they were probably bloodthirsty mercenaries. Due to being in frequent contact with death they held a great love for healing ointments after all when penetrating deeply into dangerous lands a little healing ointment might be just the right price to buy back a comrades life."
Standing at the entrance of the marketplace Xiao Yan saw a few mercenaries carrying small wooden cases while pushing their way out of the crowd before joyously darting out of the market.
"Those cases should contain "Return of Spring Powder" right?"Quietly whispering this line Xiao Yan also entered the street and used all of his might to burrow into the crowd. At a stall selling "Return of Spring Powder" he spent a hundred gold to buy a case.
Holding the case as he once again painstakingly squeezed out of the crowd Xiao Yan finally let out a breath of relief. Thinking back at the proud and impatient faces of the medicine sellers he could not help but sneer bitterly in his heart: those dogs who use their position to bully others.
As he walked out of the market with the case Xiao Yan lifted the case lid. Within it were ten small bottles made of a crude material probably the lowest grade of jade stone. It would be impossible to maintain the effectiveness of the medicine with this kind of material.
Opening the bottle a mildly green fluid which emitted an extremely weak medicine smell was found to be contained within.
"Teacher can this even be called medicine?" Somewhat amazed at the diluted medicine Xiao Yan could not bear but ask in his heart.
"Yea it can count as the lowest grade of healing medicine with some healing effects. This kind of simple healing medicine is not hard to make and because of its commonness it can only be sold at a cheap price. This is why only a few first tier alchemists bother to manufacture it."
"It is indeed very cheap one hundred gold for ten bottles is ten gold per bottle. To an Alchemist this is really shameful." Slightly nodding his head Xiao Yan hesitated for a moment before asking: "Teacher do you have any remedies that are somewhat better than this?"
"A lot but those potions are too low level so I seldom manufacture them." Yao Lao paused before speaking again: "Do you want to manufacture them for the Xiao Clan? That"s good since you are already a Dou Zhe it is time to try your hand at refining some medicine."
"Oh? I get to refine?" Xiao Yan was slightly astonished at Yao Lao"s words.
"Could it be that you still expect me to personally handle this kind of thing?" Yao Lao unhappily retorted before proceeding with his instructions: "First go to the Auction House to find a somewhat better quality medicine cauldron. Afterwards you need to purchase a big batch of basic medicine ingredients. At the early stages a new alchemist depends on mass producing pill to gain experience."
Xiao Yan licked his lips with an eager expression on his face. Throwing the case into a ditch by the roadside he ran quickly towards the location of the Primer Auction house.
Right before he arrived at the Auction House Xiao Yan once again donned the black mantle in a hidden corner before taking his time to slowly approach the Auction House.
All of the staff at Primer Auction House were already familiar with Xiao Yan"s disguise thus when they saw a figure wearing a black mantle slowly advancing from afar one of them quickly entered into the Auction House to inform Ya Fei and Gu Ni.
Hearing their subordinates" announcement Ya Fei and Gu Ni simultaneously abandoned their current work to appear at the Auction House door and were all smiles as they led Xiao Yan into the guest room.
"I have made this visit to ask for your help in obtaining a quality cauldron." The old voice sounded from under the black gown. Then with both hands he brought the cup of tea towards his mouth to take a sip.
Aware of the other party"s status Ya Fei was not at all surprised at his request. Smiling while nodding her head she beckoned to call a serving girl. Ya Fei softly gave the girl a few instructions before waving her hand to send the girl off.
"Haha sir you have come at such an opportune moment just this morning the auction house received a medicine cauldron refined by fiery flames. This cauldron was forged by the famous blacksmith from the Jia Ma Empire Master He Er. Not only does it amplify the Dou Qi Flame it is also made of some rare metals that help to increase the chances of successfully refining medicine. These days these kinds of medicine cauldrons are highly praised by the Alchemists of Jia Ma Empire." Ya Fei explained as she smiled her eyes moved about bewitchingly.
"Mmm." The old voice carried a slightly pleased tone. Slightly hesitating before asking again: "Also prepare for me a low level "Storage Ring" with 500 stalks of Blood Clot Grass 600 Bone Growing Flower 500 Poppy Flowers 500 Lively Fruits......"
Hearing these requests Gu Ni"s eyelids jumped up slightly. Even the lowest grade "Storage Ring" costs about 70 to 80 thousand and though the latter medicine ingredients were not that rare the large quantity required meant that it would take no less than 100000 gold to prepare. Lastly if the medical cauldron mentioned by Ya Fei was auctioned it could fetch a price of about 150000. All these things added up without 300000 gold it would be difficult to manage.
Ya Fei was likewise stunned by the request. The auction house was not owned by her alone and thus she had to report most of the profits and transactions to the headquarters. Privately using 300000 worth of funds was not impossible but it would definitely be found out by her superiors.
Lightly biting her red lips and taking a bit of time to weigh the benefits a fourth tier alchemist could bring Ya Fei gave an easy smile as she said: "Old sir everything will be prepared in an hour."
"Haha good......" For the first time infront of Ya Fai Yao Lao normally unenthusiastic tone was replaced by a pleased laughter.
A fair hand emerged from beneath the black gown to fish out a blue jade card and place it on the table. Yao Lao smiled and said: "I am not sure if this money is enough for the purchases...... but you can add in another set of Qi Gathering Pill materials."
Hearing what was said Gu Ni complexion changed faintly. Another set of materials for a Qi Gathering Pill? Wouldn"t that be another 50000 gold?
Rosy lips slightly parted Ya Fei was a little angry too. Although the other party was a fourth tier Alchemist this was too much.
Though she was angry Ya Fei kept these feelings in her heart not letting even the slightest bit show on her lovely face by donning a fully smiling expression. Thinking to herself for a moment she laughed bitterly in her heart. Reminding herself that sometimes sacrifices had to be made for the greater good she had no choice but to sigh and nod indicating her agreement.
"Haha looks like the two of you have misunderstood. This set of materials is not for myself I was only thinking of helping out by making a "Qi Gathering Pill" for you. Letting you two pay for the cost of the materials shouldn"t be too much right?" The old voice coolly laughed.
A slightly dazed but still lovely face was soon after suddenly filled with joy Ya Fei"s wits were temporarily scattered by this abrupt yet pleasant surprise. A short period of time later Ya Fei finally managed to suppress her flushed face and calm down. Making eye contact with the similarly joyous Gu Ni she somewhat nervously replied in a soft voice: "Then I"ll have to thank you sir."


Chapter 71:Circumstances of the Xiao Clan
After sitting for nearly an hour a pretty maid finally walked in. Her two hands carried a silver tray and in the center of the tray was a faint red ring.
Taking the silver tray and sending back the maid Ya Fei personally handed over the goods to Xiao Yan and smilingly said: "Old Sir the cauldron as well as all the alchemic ingredients you need are all in the "Storage Ring"".
Extending a hand to pick up the storage ring Xiao Yan let it roll about in his palm then faintly nodded. Yao Lao"s voice also sounded out at just the right time: "Okay. After refining the Qi Gathering Pill I will bring it to you."
Ya Fei"s pretty eyes were filled with delight as shei hastily nodded.
"Alright there"s no need for you to send me out. I"ll go out by myself."
Waving his hand Xiao Yan took the ring and slid it onto his finger. Then without even turning back he headed towards the back of the parlor and went out. On the table the blue jade card was still there as he did not want to owe the people too much. Thus he had just left it there.
Staring at the receding figure leaving through the door Ya Fei nibbled her red lips then stepped forward to take the blue jade card into her hand. Musing a bit she asked in a clear voice: "Uncle Gu Ni to refine a Qi Gathering Pill the success rate is not that high right?"
"Yes. It"s said that even Pill King Wang Gu He"s success rate for refining Qi Gathering Pills is only around 7 out of 10. For normal fourth tier alchemists the success rate is only around 5 out of 10" Gu Ni said in a low voice.
"But this old sir he succeeds in refining on the first try......" Ya Fei said as she knitted her thin black brows.
"Who knows maybe his luck is good......" Gu Ni shook his head and didn"t care too much about the matter. After all for alchemists luck was a big factor in successfully refining pills. If one"s luck was good even when continuously refining several times one would not fail.
"Could it be...... that he"s not just a fourth tier alchemist?" Ya Fei asked with hesitation after pondering a bit.
"Haha how is that possible. The number of fifth tier alchemists in Jia Ma Empire can be counted on one"s hands. At that sort of status even if it was the empire or great forces like the Misty Cloud Faction they would all view this person as a VIP. Why would such a person come to our own auction house to auction pills." Gu Ni laughed.
At this Ya Fei also slightly nodded her head and let out a sigh bitterly laughing: "It seems that I don"t have enough experience. I"m afraid that my previous hesitation negatively impacted this mysterious alchemist"s favorable impression of us by a large amount."
"You can"t blame yourself for this. That kind of huge transaction even I wouldn"t dare to answer easily. That you are capable to this extent is already very good. In regards to our relations with that alchemist in the future just take your time and get along amiably. As long as he does not develop any sort of ill will towards us then it"s fine." Gu Ni said comfortingly.
Forcing a smile to her face as she nodded Ya Fei sat lethargically on the chair revealing her figure. As her lovely eyes blinked having some doubts she softly asked: "What does he intend to do with so many low-grade medicine ingredients?"
"Those medicine ingredients have the effect of stopping bleeding and strengthening bones. I think he should be planning to manufacture healing medicine." Gu Ni muttered as his eyebrows pursed together. Similarly puzzled he said: "But with his status why would he manufacture these cheaply-priced healing medicine?"
Hearing this Ya Fe"s beautiful eyes slightly narrowed her long fingernails lightly tapped on the table. A moment later realization dawned upon her she softly said: "Looks like this old sir seems to be very caring towards the Xiao Clan......"
Eyebrows wrinkled tightly together Gu Ni"s expression suddenly changed into one of amazement: "Are you saying that he wants to give the Xiao Clan healing medicine?"
"Recently I"ve heard that the Jia Lie Clan had invited over a first tier Alchemist. The cheap "Return of Spring Powder" has already snatched away half of the city"s crowds if the Xiao Clan does not act soon I"m afraid that their marketplaces will end up embarrassingly empty." Ya Fei eyes darted around as she voiced out her conclusion smugly smiling she continued to explain: "Previously the old sir had already said that if there was a chance he would co operate with the Xiao Clan and buying so many healing ingredients at this time could only mean one thing: he meant what he said."
"Heh looks like the Xiao Clan has really lucked out this time while the Jia Lie Clan is going to be in trouble." Having listened to Ya Fei"s analysis Gu Ni grinned. An envious look was on his face since obtaining the help of a fourth tier Alchemist was not something just any clan could receive.
Slightly inclining her head Ya Fei gave an easy smile as she said: "We should also make some contact with the Xiao Clan soon though adding a flower to a bracelet will make one somewhat happy providing help when one needs it the most is a much better way of strengthening both parties ties."
Gu Ni approvingly nodded his head with a fourth tier Alchemist behind them ties with the Xiao Clan were now important.
......
Exiting the auction house as usual Xiao Yan prudently turned round and round the streets for at least half a day before finally taking off his disguise in a desolate alley.
Tossing and catching the light red "Storage Ring" in his hand Xiao Yan was somewhat happy. This kind of Storage Ring was made by a type of uncommon material called "Storage Stone". The characteristic of this material was that there was a unique small space within it where any lifeless objects could be stored. Though this was extremely convenient due to the sparsity of the "Storage Stone" its was extremely precious. The lowest grade "Storage Ring" in Xiao Yan"s hands only had a space of about three to four square metres yet it costs almost 100000 gold. In the Xiao Clan Xiao Yan had only seen his father and the first Elder own Storage Rings.
Xiao Yan fiddled with the Storage Ring for a while hesitatingly examining it. In the end he did not wear it but rather carefully stored it in his bosom. This kind of ring was considerably pricey if it was seen by his father or others he would have a hard time explaining how he came to obtain it.
Xiao Yan kicked the black mantle into the gutter before carefully walking out of the desolate alley. Afterwards he quickly dashed back to his clan.
As Xiao Yan followed the lane that passed through the clan home he heard his father"s furious voice from Meeting Room. Eyelids twitching Xiao Yan moved forward to secretly peer through a crack in the door.
"Dammit Jia Lie Bi that bastard is too much he actually dared to brazenly steal our business!" Within the room Xiao Zhan was currently raging as he pounded on the table. Tea from the teacups spilled all over the table.
"Presently the marketplaces of the Xiao Clan had already lost a great amount of traffic. The merchants left in the marketplace are also very worried and frightened. A few of them have even secretly left for the Jia Lie Clan"s marketplaces. If this continues in another half a month I am afraid that....... our marketplace will go bankrupt." The second Elder said with a gloomy face as he gnashed his teeth together in fury.
"How about...... I bring a few of our clan"s elites and secretly deal with that alchemist?" The third elder"s gaze were ferocious as he suggested this in a dark tone.
"There are at least two Da Dou Shi protecting the Alchemist it won"t be so easy." Xiao Zhan helplessly said as he moved his hands to and fro.
"But if we continue in this manner our losses will be too great. The profits from the marketplaces of Wu Tan City is a large part of the total revenue of our Xiao Clan." The Third Elder was somewhat unwilling to back down.
The corners of Xiao Zhan"s mouth twitched. At the moment he could not think of any good ideas.
"That day at the auction didn"t that mysterious alchemist say that there might come an opportunity where he would work with us? Seeing how Gu Ni was so respectful towards him his tier as an alchemist is definitely not low. If he could help us then that Jia Lie Clan would definitely lose out." The First Elder who had been silent up until now suddenly spoke up in a soft voice.
"Ai who knows if he just randomly blabbered. For people of that kind of status what kind of benefits would they get out of cooperating with us? For such little profit would they even care?" Xiao Zhan laughed bitterly and shook his head as he sat on the chair and sighed.
The three elders were all silent as well. Indeed it was a bit challenging for the Xiao Clan to establish connections with people of such status.
"F**k. We"ll bear it for a few more days. If the Jia Lie Clan still does not practice restraint then don"t blame us for retaliating no matter the costs!" Licking his lips Xiao Zhan gripped onto the chair frame as an ominous glint flashed across his eyes.
Outside the door listening up till here Xiao Yan faintly shrugged his shoulders as his hand played with the storage ring at his chest. Letting out a cold smirk he slowly left.


Chapter 72:Learning to Refine Medicine
Xiao Yan left the meeting room and returned to his room to make some final preparations to refine some healing medicine. Once he was done with his preparations he stealthily snuck back to his desolate cave the one he previously trained in.
As Yao Lao had said before it was important to not be disturbed during the medicine refinement process and given the great number of clan members this would be difficult to accomplish at home. If by chance something like Xiao Yu bargaining on him was to happen Xiao Yan would be unable fully bear with the consequences
Sneakily stepping into the cave Xiao Yan was itching to get started so he quickly fished out the Storage Ring from his bosom and pushed a stream of Dou Qi into it. The light red ring emitted a flicker of light before a roughly half meter long red medicine cauldron poofed into existence within the cave.
The entire medicine cauldron was a dark crimson red and it gave off a slight glow. There were two malevolent looking snake heads carved beneath the cauldron their gaping maws forming two connected cavities for air to enter into the cauldron. As the two cavities wound and extended deep into the cauldron the diameter grew smaller and smaller. If one were to try to look in they would barely be able to see anything.
At the apex of the medicine cauldron was a dark crimson red cauldron lid forged in the shape of a giant serpent. Besides the lid there was also a special hole for ingredients to enter.
The top of the cauldron lid was littered with many fine holes made by Ice Silver. These had the effect of dissipating heat to prevent excessive heat from building up which might lead to an explosion. On one side a transparent screen of Essence Ice was installed at the middle part of the medicine cauldron so that the whole refining process could be clearly seen by the alchemist.
The surface cauldron was engraved with the forms of wild untamed devil beasts that seemed to almost leap off the cauldron.
Observing the beautiful appearance of the medicine cauldron Xiao Yan nodded his head in satisfaction. Xiao Yan rubbed the ancient black ring and Yao Lao appeared with a flash of light.
"En it"s a cauldron with two outlets. For an alchemic amateur like you it"s not bad at all" Yao Lao said indifferently as he cast a glance at the orifices of the snakes on the dark crimson red medicinal cauldron.
"A cauldron with two outlets?" Hearing the unfamiliar term Xiao Yan"s eyes blinked as he looked on doubtfully.
"Medicinal cauldrons also have their own set of tiers. The more outlets for fire a cauldron"s furnace has the higher tier a medicinal cauldron is and thus the rarer it is. Don"t assume that one can just randomly make a few holes to add another few outlets. Outsiders don"t even have a hint of discernment for the mysteries of these outlets. Outlets are the essence of a medicinal cauldron and require extreme precision to polish to perfection. If one were made with even the slightest error the whole medicinal cauldron would be considered junk. As such the more outlets a medicinal cauldron has the better the auxiliary effect is for an alchemist when refining. Of course if you wish to control multiple outlets you need very high soul perception. For the current you to control two fire outlets is already the limit." Yao Lao laughed as he explained.
"For an Alchemist the importance of a good Medicine Cauldron is akin to that of a good sword to a warrior."
Giving an almost indiscernible nod Xiao Yan stared at this big cauldron in front him and asked a bit blankly: "Now what should I do?"
"For now it"d be better if you"d familiarize yourself with the medicinal cauldron. Press one hand against an outlet and then rouse the Dou Qi within you and channel it inside." Yao Lao sat cross-legged within the cave as he directed Xiao Yan.
Nodding his head Xiao Yan placed a hand on the outlet and slowly closed his eyes. Within his body a revolving dim and yellowish Qi slightly rippled. Dim yellow Dou Qi bubbled out strand by strand consequently making the palm of his hand glow with a yellow light.
Once that dim yellow Dou Qi reached his palm it grew still. Then as if it had encountered an abrupt and violent gravitational pull it suddenly flooded out of his hand and passed into the outlet drilling into the medicinal cauldron.
"Pu......"
There was a muffled noise then after the dim yellow Qi had transferred through the fire outlet and unexpectedly transformed into a dim yellow flame essence. Within the medicinal cauldron it flickered and blazed.
The fact that his palm suddenly spit out fire alarmed Xiao Yan and almost made him reflexively withdraw his hand. However after sensing that his palm was cool he panicked substantially less.
"En not bad. On your first try you"ve already succeeded in producing a flame."
Observing the roiling flame within the medicinal cauldron Yao Lao nodded and said in a low voice: "The flame that you"ve mustered together this time isn"t actually the refining flame. Right now you should concentrate on controlling the trace of Wood Element within your body and pour it into the medicine cauldron!"
Xiao Yan complied by closing both eyes. Bit by bit his thoughts focused as his outstanding spiritual perception continuously scanned his body for that light trace of Wood Element.
After more than ten minutes Xiao Yan finally found the Wood Element in his body for the first time. He let out a sigh of relief as he opened his eyes.
"Found it?" Seeing Xiao Yan opening his eyes Yao Lao asked astonished. As the former nodded his head Yao Lao could not help but inwardly praise Xiao Yan. When Yao Lao first found the wood element in his body it had took him almost half an hour. From this it can be seen how strong Xiao Yan"s spiritual perception is.
Xiao Yan stretched out a finger to lightly press on the other fire outlet. Little by little a stream of extremely weak green Qi flowed in.
Just as the green Qi entered the medicine cauldron the light yellow flame within abruptly calmed down as if there had been a chemical reaction. At this moment even though Xiao Yan had not yet been able to control the flame he could feel that the franticness within the flame had been tamed by the wood element. Furthermore due to the principle that wood gives birth fire the flame at this time was much more controlled and would last longer than before.
u""Good......" Satisfied Yao Lao nodded his head as he reached out a finger to touch Xiao Yan"s forehead transferring information directly into the latters head."
"This is my own healing medicine formula you can use it for practice. I will guide you through as I warn you about the temperature of the flame and the composition of medical ingredients to refine."
Xiao Yan squinted as he processed the new information in his head as he slightly inclined his head to acknowledge.
"Blood Clotting Powder: one stalk of Blood Clotting Grass one Lively Fruit two Poppy Flowers......"
After Xiao Yan committed to memory the amount of each required alchemy ingredients his spiritual perception gradually channeled into the medicinal cauldron as he diligently tried to control the mild flame.
Making a flicking motion with his finger over the ring a dark red stalk of Blood Clotting Grass appeared in his palm. A little while later Xiao Yan threw the stalk into the maw of the engraved serpent at the apex of the cauldron.
Once the Blood Clotting Grass was thrown in Xiao Yan did not control the flame in time. The fire simply blazed upwards and in the blink of an eye the stalk of Blood Clotting Grass turned into a pile of ash and the cauldron"s unique mechanism expelled it out of the cauldron.
Looking at this first failure Xiao Yan laughed with a bit of embarrassment.
"Continue." Yao Lao indifferently said.
Swallowing a mouthful of saliva Xiao Yan once again threw in a stalk of Blood Clotting Grass. This time the Blood Clotting Grass persisted within the fire for a while but as before it turned into a pile of ashes.
"The temperature is too high."
Xiao Yan wiped his sweat away. Now that he personally tried to refine a pill Xiao Yan finally realized that this type of work as expected could not be easily accomplished by just any person.
After continuously burning up a whole twenty or so stalks of Blood Clotting Grass with some difficulty Xiao Yan finally had a grasp on the most suitable temperature for Blood Clotting Grass.
Again tossing in a stalk of Blood Clotting Grass Xiao Yan"s expression grew solemn as his spiritual perception firmly suppressed the temperature of the flame. His eyes passed through the Ice Essence and unwaveringly fixated on the stalk of Blood Clotting Grass suspended within the flame.
The flame seethed about for a period of time and the Blood Clotting Grass finally started to shed its layer of skin and the juice accumulated within its leaves gradually began to evaporate into specks of faint white powder. The essence of the Blood Clotting Grass had finally been successfully refined by this greenhorn Xiao Yan.


Chapter 73:First Refinement
In the narrow cave the flames within the cauldron casted shadows onto the cavern walls creating shadows of dancing fangs and claws of wild beasts.
Xiao Yan concentrated with every fiber of his being as he watched the surging flame attentively his pale face was streaked with beads of sweat. Refining medicine for long periods of time was a task that consumed an extreme amount of Dou Qi. Since Xiao Yan"s Qi Method was the lowest ranked Low Xuan his Qi foundations and endurance were nothing special. Thus it was not an easy task for him to persevere for almost two hours in front of the cauldron.
Yao Lao squinted his eyes as he gazed upon Xiao Yan who had once again successfully refined a Blood Clot Grass into a fine white powder. Knowing that Xiao Yan had already reached his limit Yao Lao gave a slight nod and gently said: "Well done take a break."
Hearing this Xiao Yan"s shoulders immediately dropped and his body softly fell to lie on the ice cold floor as if all the energy in his body had been suddenly drained away. Gasping for air his chest rose and fell rapidly; battered with exhaustion he could barely even lift a finger now.
"Training now would give the best effect."
Yao Lao said indifferently as he cast a glance towards the Xiao Yan who lifelessly laid on the ground.
Laziness and diligence clashed in the heart for a mere moment before Xiao Yan internally howled in anguish as he unwilling sat up. His trembling hands formed into a training seal as he slowly closed his eyes.
Seeing Xiao Yan"s stance Yao Lao laughed as his sight turned towards the ten plus jade cases before the cauldron. These cases were filled to the brim with pale white powder refined from the Blood Clot Grass and were results of the efforts of Xiao Yan.
From left to right the pale white color of the powder became richer and richer until the last case in which the color of the powder had almost reached a pure white.
Gazing upon this extremely obvious improvement Yao Lao felt pleasantly surprised as he nodded his head approvingly; in his heart he once again praised Xiao Yan"s outstanding spiritual perception.
He shot a glance towards the Xiao Yan who was currently recovering his Dou Qi before sitting himself crosslegged against the stone wall leisurely closing his eyes to recuperate. Xiao Yan had only refined the first type of ingredient there were still two more types waiting for him to slowly practice on.
......
After training close eyed for almost an hour the Qi Cyclone within Xiao Yan"s body once again emitted a bright light after it had previously gone dark from the depletion of Dou Qi before. Furthermore the brightness this time seemed to be a little bit clearer than it was a few hours before.
Gradually opening his eyes the powerless feeling from before had retreated by more than half. Stretching his neck the cracking sounds made Xiao Yan sigh in happiness.
"Done training? Continue then." Yao Lao smiled as he opened his eyes to look upon the now lively Xiao Yan.
Bitterly laughing as he shook his head Xiao Yan who had experienced the painful process of alchemy had finally understood that he had been "conned" by Yao Lao. When Yao Lao had previously done alchemy all he did was twirl his hands about as he refined the ingredients to create the elixirs that people would go crazy for. This simple looking process had left a strong impression in Xiao Yan"s mind that alchemy was extremely easy. Yet now that Xiao Yan had tried a hand at it personally he now knew that alchemy was more difficult than being a miner.
This understanding had come too late thus Xiao Yan could only sigh as he once more sat before the cauldron and started to refine the essence of the other two types of medical ingredients.
Equipped with the previous experience of refining Blood Clot Grass Xiao Yan this time. was clearly much more relaxed than before. After burning eight Lively Fruits and ten Poppy Flowers he finally managed to extract the components needed to make the healing medication.
From the Lively Fruit an almost fully black and small kernel was obtained. This kernel had the effect of improving blood circulation. If an experienced mercenary was injured in the wilderness while lacking healing medication often times he would grind a Lively Fruit and use it to alleviate the injury.
From the Poppy Flower a light red liquid was obtained. This kind of fluid had a numbing effect and can be used to relieve pain.
Eyeing the three medicines which had been arranged neatly in front of Xiao Yan Yao Lao nodded slightly and quietly said: "All of the required ingredients have been refined now fuse their medical abilities together. This is the most important step in alchemy."
With a deep sigh Xiao Yan respectfully nodded. Proficiently throwing the pure white powder into the cauldron he smoked it under a warm fire for about ten minutes until the pure white powder turned slightly reddish before speedily pouring the Poppy Flower liquid in too.
Just as the liquid entered the cauldron it wrapped around the pure white powder. Boiling for a short time in the flame the two ingredients slowly fused into a light red and viscous liquid.
His spiritual perception strove to control the temperature of the flame as the viscous light-red liquid was slowly smoked.
As it was continuously baked above the flame the viscous liquid gradually changed into a dark red paste.
Through the transparent lens Xiao Yan stared unwaveringly at the dark red paste within the cauldron. Slightly hesitating he finally threw in the tiny black kernel from the Lively Fruit.
Though the tiny black kernel entered the cauldron nothing happened. The tiny kernel bounced about in the flame refusing to fuse into the dark red paste.
"Different ingredients have different resistances to temperature so you need to learn how to control the temperature of any part of the flame. In areas that require a low temperature you have to suppress the flame while in areas that require high temperature you have relax your control to increase the temperature of the flame....." Yao Lao lectured as he gazed upon Xiao Yan who was perspiring in worry.
Xiao Yan licked his dry lips as he nodded. He promptly divided a part of his spiritual perception to exert control over the flame below the tiny kernel to gradually increase its temperature.
"Bang......"
As the spiritual perception relaxed its control over the temperature a single uncontrolled flame fiercely soared up and burnt half of the tiny black kernel to ashes in an instant causing Xiao Yan to break out in cold sweat as he hastened to desperately suppress the flame.
One part of his spiritual perception had to maintain the temperature of one side of the flame while another part had to increase the temperature of the other side of the flame. This kind of multitasking caused a headache for Xiao Yan.
However after going through a few more perilous situations Xiao Yan finally calmed down from his flustered state. He wiped away the sweat that had gathered on his forehead as he sighed deeply before concentrating the rest of his Dou Qi into the fire outlet.
Within the cauldron the tiny black kernel could no longer bear it and finally ruptured under the increasing temperature of the flame. Fine jet-black powder gradually floated into the light red paste and dyed the latter in a deeper shade of color.
As the last pinch of jet-black powder floated into the paste Xiao Yan finally let out a long sigh. His hands slowly separated from the fire outlet and the flame within the cauldron gradually died down.
At the sight of the panting Xiao Yan Yao Lao faintly smiled as he waved his hand lifting the cauldron lid and settling it onto the floor. With his right hand he willed the huge lump of crimson red paste to leap up where it remained floating in midair.
Yao Lao glanced at the crimson red paste which was emitting a strong medicine smell. His hands made cutting motions in the air as the dark red paste was cut into at least a hundred tiny pieces.
Taking the Storage Ring from Xiao Yan Yao Lao flicked it as over a hundred small jade bottles suddenly spread out all over the narrow cave.
After arranging the jade bottles Yao Lao waved his hand again as the liquid like paste in the air accurately landed into the jade bottles.
Randomly choosing a jade bottle Yao Lao smiled as he passed it over to Xiao Yan while bantering: "Congratulations your first attempt at alchemy was a success!"
Impatiently receiving the jade bottle Xiao Yan gazed at the slightly impure crimson red fluid within while in his heart feelings of excitement and pride welled up.
"Haha from this point on I can also be considered an alchemist!"


Chapter 74:Turning up Uninvited
As several days passed Xiao Yan spent nearly every day beside the cauldron. Although these days were extremely exhausting the Storage Ring which was full of healing medicine made him feel gratified as he rested.
Of course another thing to be mentioned was that after almost five days of continuous alchemy the Dou Qi in Xiao Yan"s body unknowingly became much more powerful. Judging by his current progress he had almost reached the One Star Dou Zhe level.
With these two pieces of good news Xiao Yan managed to grit his teeth and survive the ordeal.
As Xiao Yan hid in the cave to painstakingly refine medicine the situation in Wu Tan City continued to unravel. The atmosphere between Xiao and Jia Lie Clans had become increasingly strained just two days ago the Jia Lie Clan took the opportunity to come up with various market rules that favored merchants causing a large portion of the merchants who had originally been observing from the sidelines to begin moving to the marketplaces of the Jia Lie Clan.
Faced with a measure that was obviously aimed to rock the foundations of the Xiao Clan all of the high ranking members of the Xiao Clan came to be possessed by a violent rage that threatened to evolve into a murderous intent.
......
"God dammit I can"t take it anymore in a mere five days our Xiao Clan has lost at least 50% to 60% of its profits; if this continues all of our marketplaces will go bankrupt!" Within the Clan Meeting Room the third Elder exclaimed in anger an ominous glint on his face.
All the higher position clan members were seated within the huge hall; the fury in their hearts was expressed by their gloomy complexions.
"This truly cannot drag out any further..." The first Elder slowly spat out each word continuing he said: "Although master Gu Ni from Primer Auction House has aided us by manufacturing over a hundred bottles of healing medicine this amount is too little; it is completely incomparable to the massive amount from the Jia Lie Clan. Although we might be able to maintain a deadlock with the Jia Lie Clan in the short run in the long run as those healing medicines run out we would once again arrive at the awkward situation before."
The first Elder sighed before letting out a bitter laugh and saying: "Although if Gu Ni was willing to fully support us based on quantity we would definitely be able to drag it out with the first tier alchemist from the Jia Lie Clan. However he is from Primer Auction House after all they seldom involve themselves in the clash of clans. To have helped to such an extent is already very unexpected."
Seated in the leader"s chair Xiao Zhan nodded his head a gloomy look on his face. Though the quality of the healing medicine that the Jia Lie Clan sold was low the quantity was vast and the price was cheap. This suited the preferences of the mercenaries who were often caught in bloody situations.
"If we could also get a first tier Alchemist we would be able to contend against them..." In the big hall someone lamented.
Hearing this Xiao Zhan helplessly shook his head. There were only a few Alchemists in Wu Tan City; to woo any one of those arrogant chaps was easier said than done. This time the Jia Lie Clan had struck the lottery and actually received an alchemist"s help.
In the corner of the hall Xiao Yu Xiao Ning and the other members of the younger generation of the clan were also present. As they gazed upon the gloomy expressions on their elders they did not dare carelessly interrupt and so they endured the stifling atmosphere in silence.
"Older sister is that first tier alchemist really so strong? How could he have forced our Xiao Clan into this situation?" Somewhat unable to tolerate the oppressive atmosphere Xiao Ning quietly inquired Xiao Yu who sat beside him.
Xiao Yu softly sighed letting out a bitter laugh she answered softly: "Indeed the alchemist is a very unique profession... The strength of a first tier alchemist is at best in the Dou Zhe level and in a straightforward battle any of the elders in the clan could easily kill him. Yet the true terror of an alchemist is not in direct battle but rather that they are able to create elixirs that people go crazy for. With these elixirs they possess the incomparable ability to rally supporters. Many strong practitioners are willing to serve under an alchemist for the sake of obtaining these elixirs."
"On the Dou Qi continent many people compare an alchemist to a poisonous wasp"s nest; once prodded an alchemist would immediately gather an uncountable number of fighters. Faced with so many fighters even if they are unable to kill you they would still be able to tire you to death."
As Xiao Ning imagined the scene of being surrounded by fighters he trembled as an envious look spread across his face.
"Don"t be delusional you should know about the harsh requirements to become an alchemist. The chances are even smaller than a meat pie dropping from the heavens." Rolling her eyes at Xiao Ning Xiao Yu mercilessly splashed cold water over him.
Set back by Xiao Yu"s words Xiao Ning dispiritedly curled his lip as he said: "I"m afraid that our entire Xiao Clan does not have the fortune to come up with an alchemist."
Although Xiao Yu nodded in agreement to these words in her mind a certain youth dressed in black garments abruptly popped up. Looking closely at the features of the youth it seemed to be Xiao Yan...
Ruthlessly flinging away the thought Xiao Yu whispered to herself in her heart: "How could I have thought of that little bastard? Humph if someone with that kind of personality is able to become an alchemist all of the alchemists in this world would be worthless."
After cursing Xiao Yan in her heart Xiao Yu willed her gaze towards a corner by the window there a green clothed young maiden was quietly clasping a thick and simple book occasionally moving her finger to flip a page as her eyes scanned the contents of the book. This tranquil and elegant appearance drew the furtive gazes of many of her peers.
"Such a good girl why must she favor that little bastard?" Xiao Yu grudgingly shook her head as she once again maintained her silence.
Quietly sitting beside the window although her attention was on the book Xun Er was able to sense the depressing atmosphere in the hall. Her willowy eyebrows slightly knitted together. No matter what was said she had also stayed in the Xiao Clan for over ten years. Moreover even if it was not for Xiao Yan she would never let the Xiao Clan be beaten by the Jia Lie Clan that badly.
"Hah. I hope that those bastards won"t go overboard..." Xun Er sighed in her heart as she once again turned back to her book. With no Xiao Yan by her side she practically had no reason to speak.
As the plans continued to be discussed within the hall a clan guard hurriedly ran in and reported in a respectful tone: "Clan leader there is a person dressed in a black cloak outside. He says that he has some collaboration matters to discuss with the clan leader."
At these words Xiao Zhan and the rest of the elders were slightly shocked. Mutually exchanging glances their once gloomy expressions suddenly soared with ecstasy. A few of them simultaneously stood up together and urgently ordered: "Quickly invite him in!"
Spotting the looks on Xiao Zhan and the three elders everyone in the hall was somewhat amazed immediately exchanging glances with one another.
"Haha. No need to invite me in. Clan Leader Xiao how have you been? This old man has come uninvited." Yao Lao"s clear laughter resounded from beyond the door just as the sound of Xiao Zhan"s order faded.
Along with the laugher a figure shrouded by a large black mantle unhurriedly walked into the hall under the crowd"s stare.
At the instant when the person dressed in a black gown stepped through the door Xun Er who had all along submersed herself in her book suddenly raised her eyebrows. Gradually lifting her small face her autumn water eyes vigilantly stared at the black cloaked person who had just entered.


Chapter 75:Big Business
Staring at the man wearing a black cloak who had just entered Xiao Zhan and the three elders promptly welcomed him; advancing with quick steps Xiao Zhan showed a respectful smile and said: "Most esteemed guest  forgive me for I have been rather busy with the matters of the clan and was unable to come out to greet you Xiao Zhan please forgive me. "
"Haha no need to be so formal." Under the black mantle an aged voice rang out.
Xiao Zhan eagerly nodded and gave a meaningful glance to the three elders hinting them to promptly open up the path and said with a smile "Please sit most esteemed guest."
The man covered by a black cloak nodded and without being overly formal directly walked up and sat on the seat next to the head of the table.
Seeing how respectfully Xiao Zhan was treating the man in the black cloak the youths of the clan couldn"t help but whisper among themselves. Myriads of curious glances unceasingly swept over that black cloaked man but upon hearing the elder say that he was an alchemist their eyes suddenly became filled with ardor... and full of worship. No matter where alchemists were the ones that had the most respected profession in the eyes of others.
"Sister this person isn"t he the mysterious alchemist we saw during the auction the other day?" Xiao Ning"s two eyes fixed on this man dressed in a black cloak as he tugged at Xiao Yu"s sleeve eagerly asking her.
"Yeah." Xiao Yu slowly nodded; her beautiful eyes were still staring at this silhouette covered by a black mantle as her lovely face showed a slight expression of pleasant surprise: "I didn"t think that this honorable sir would really come to our Xiao clan; it looks like what he said last time about cooperating with us wasn"t just lip service... If we really obtain his help the Xiao clan should be able to go through this predicament with ease. "
Hearing the whispers from the people around her Xun Er wrinkled her brows and fixed her crystal clear eyes tightly at the stocky man in the black mantle. She didn"t know why but she felt that the man"s gestures his speech and his manners were not exactly harmonious.
After knitting her brows while pondering for a long time Xun Er could only helplessly renounce this idea.
"Haha sir; what brings you here?" Personally preparing a cup of tea Xiao Yan asked with a smile.
"I was passing in the neighborhood so I thought I"d come to visit your noble clan. I brought with me a few Foundation Elixirs that should be able to foster a good amount of youths from your side." Under this black gown the elder"s voice was quite joyous.
Having heard him Xiao Zhan hurried to look around but didn"t see the faintest trace of Xiao Yan. He couldn"t help but bitterly smile.
"Haha the Xiao family head doesn"t need to call him out I have already met the young master a quite fine youth he"s quite to this old man"s liking..." Waving his hands he stopped Xiao Zhan from calling someone to get Xiao Yan. The tone of the black cloaked man was filled with a touch of admiration that he didn"t conceal and made the youth hidden under the cloak quite embarrassed.
Hearing the black cloaked man"s tone filled with admiration the eyes of everyone in the hall were filled with envy. To get such a high evaluation from such an high level alchemist wasn"t something that was easy to come by.
u""All the good stuff happens only to this brat." As hetwitched hismouth full of unwillingness Xiao Ningstone was full of envy."
Xiao Yu completely helpless sighed her jade-like hands on her cheeks she silently whispered: "Is that brat so good? How come I never realized it before?"
Hearing the compliment Xiao Zhan"s face revealed a huge smile and in his eyes a glimpse of pride could faintly be seen.
"Xiao clan leader I recently heard that your clan was facing hardships right?" Xiao Zhan"s smile hadn"t stretched out completely before it was struck down by the oppressive voice of Yao Lao.
Nodding in agreement Xiao Zhan smiled bitterly "Surely this sir knows our Xiao clan"s current situation right?"
"Mhh I know a bit about it." Nodding the black cloaked man revealed a smile.
"Ai in the current Xiao Clan our business is already no more than half than what it was in the past. In the long term I"m afraid that our influence is also going to sink down to that of a second-rate clan." Xiao Zhan sighed in regret wrinkling his brows. He seemed to age a few years at that particular moment.
"Haha Even though I am not so close with Xiao Clan I am getting along quite well with your son. If you Xiao Clan leader are not afraid that this old man may have some bad intentions how about cooperating together? " The black cloaked man smiled gently.
Having heard him Xiao Zhan was startled at first but soon became wildly joyful; that was all he was what he was waiting for... He gave a look full of excitement to the three elders and soon after nodded without the slightest hesitation: "Sir we want to cooperate with you; we"d love to in fact."
The assistance of an alchemist above the second tier was something that Xiao Clan could not even dream of. Xiao Zhan didn"t think that his own clan had something that could interest a second tier alchemist and hearing the alchemist"s words that he would cooperate with the Xiao Clan Xiao Zhan deduced that the reason of the alchemist helping should be because of Xiao Yan. With such an opportunity Xiao Zhan would be fighting to get the chance.
Seeing Xiao Zhan"s approval the black cloaked man nodded and a white palm appeared from the cloak. On his finger was a red-colored ring and with a flick it immediately flickered in red light...
Staring at his palm as white as a youth"s Xiao Zhan was shocked. The palm gave him a... familiar feeling.
But Xiao Zhan didn"t have the time to ponder about the cause of his sensation of d\xe9j\xe0 vu; immediately a pile of jade bottles appeared on the table.
The huge table was in a blink of eye entirely covered with little jade bottles; there wasn"t a single place left empty.
Staring at these jade bottles that appeared out of thin air inside this big hall except from the green clad lady that was near the window all the other clansmen without the slightest exception were shocked by this tremendous amount of pills to the point that they could hardly breath.
"Here are 1283 bottles of the healing medicine "Blood Clotting Powder". It isn"t the best healing drug in terms of quality but compared to the Jia Lie Clan"s "Return Spring Powder" its effects are lot more outstanding." Watching the stunned people in the hall the black cloaked person carelessly introduced his "merchandise".
Xiao Zhan shocked with mouth wide open took a deep breath of the surrounding ice-cold air "This is truly a big business!"


Chapter 76:Co-operation
In the silent hall a crowd of red-hot gazes unwaveringly stared at the little jade bottles on the table which numbered over a thousand. Almost no one had ever personally seen such a large quantity of elixirs.
Her pink tongue licked her red lips subconsciously Xiao Yu was equally dazed at the sight of so many elixirs. A moment later she shook herself out of the daze and with a sparkle in her eyes she turned her sight to watch the black cloaked person.
The green clothed maiden seated by the window shoot a glance at the table full of small jade bottles with an astonished look flashing within those beautiful autumn water eyes. Her vision once again swept across the black cloaked person. Unable to find anything suspicious she continued to look at the simple book in her hand.
In the absolute silence of the hall the black cloaked person coughed softly bringing the person next to him: Xiao Zhan back to reality.
"Eh......" Xiao Zhan blushed as he let out an embarrassed laughter. As he looked to the black cloaked alchemist the respect in his gaze had gained another level. Not every alchemist would be able to effortlessly bring out over a thousand bottles of healing medicine at once.
"Sir you should know about the Xiao Clan"s current situation we need healing medication to pull back our lost popularity. To the Xiao Clan your actions are undoubtedly providing help when we need it the most." Xiao Zhan exclaimed gratefully. Slightly muttering to himself Xiao Zhan hesitated before he finally spoke out again: "How about this our Xiao Clan will take the responsibility of selling these healing medicine. As for the earnings sir you will take 90% while the remaining 10% will go to us. Although I feel it is brazen of us to do so after all we still need some money to put things in order. Sir what do you think about that?"
As he finished outlining his proposition Xiao Zhan nervously gazed at the black cloaked man before him afraid that he will not be satisfied with the terms. The current Xiao Clan could only completely depend on this mysterious alchemist.
"Haha." The black cloaked alchemist laughed before shaking his head.
Seeing this action the expression on Xiao Zhan"s face slightly changed. Just as he was about to forfeit the last 10% an old voice interjected which left him dazed and at a complete loss.
"Clan Leader Xiao is too polite although the elixir is refined by me making sales is not an easy job. How can I possibly take advantage of you......let us split it evenly 50-50 haha."
At the black cloaked man"s words the originally anxious three elders and the rest of the clansmen suddenly opened their mouths in shock. It was quite a while before they subconsciously touched their ears skeptical if the words were genuine or not. 50-50? This......this sir isn"t he too considerate to Xiao Clan? Given the current situation even if he wanted all 100% of the profits no one in the Xiao Clan would dare object.
"Meat pies have dropped from the skies......" This phrase resounded in everyone"s hearts as they looked towards each other.
After a long while more Xiao Zhan gradually regained his wits. He let out a deep breath then laughed bitterly saying: "Sir your words have overwhelmed us we are already truly grateful for your timely aid; how can we possibly take any further advantage of you?"
As if it was of little importance the black cloaked man waved his hands about and smugly laughed: "This little bit of profits holds no interest for me; if it were not for the fact that you would never rest easy truth to be told I would be too lazy to collect even 50%."
Hearing this sort of arrogant explanation Xiao Zhan could only shake his head as he smiled bitterly.
"I"ll leave these elixirs for you to sell. If I have some time in the future I will come and check up on them." The black cloaked man stood up and smiled as he said: "I still have other matters so I won"t be staying. Clan Leader Xiao need not send me off; go and set up arrangements for the sales instead haha." With a tone of dismissal he walked out of the hall under everyone"s stares.
Before completely exiting the room the black cloaked alchemist"s steps suddenly stopped. Laughing faintly he said: "Before I go I"ll say a few words more. Xiao Yan really isn"t bad. Haha goodbye."
Hearing this statement Xiao Zhan rubbed his head. He was about to say something but the black cloaked man had already breezed out of the hall gradually fading out of sight around the corner.
Staring at the black cloaked man"s disappearing figure Xiao Zhan let out a small sigh after a long while as he laughed bitterly saying: "It seems that the relationship between Yan Er and this sir is a bit out of the ordinary. Or else how could this person who isn"t even familiar with us help us like this?"
The three elders all shared a glance and also let out a sigh and nodded. From the way the old alchemist had been expressing praise about Xiao Yan he clearly looked favorably on Xiao Yan and his help to Xiao Clan would definitely be tied to Xiao Yan.
Within the hall all the members of the Xiao Clan who were of Xiao Yan"s age who had heard the black cloaked man"s passing words showed undisguised envy on their faces.
The blue clothed maiden near the window slightly inclined her head her vision gazing through the window as the figure turned around the corner. Her willow brows slightly knitting together an expression of doubt flashed across her delicate face.
......
Outside of the Xiao Clan the black cloaked man slowly continued forward until he reached a less crowded area. Only then did a young voice softly grumble from within the black gown: "Teacher do you have nothing better to do than to point me out every single sentence. If they find out about this I cannot guarantee that I will not offer you up."
"Hehe I was only expressing my feelings. If it were not for Xiao Zhan who treated you well since you were young where would I find such a good disciple? Thus it is only appropriate for me to thank him." The old voice bantered and laughed: "If I just gave them the pills your cautious father would definitely believe that I had some ulterior motives."
Helplessly shaking his head Xiao Yan looked around before asking: "Where shall we go now?"
"Towards the auction house so we can pass the Qi Gathering Powder to them; so as to avoid owing them a debt that is something that I hate the most...... Furthermore you have burnt up all the medical ingredients for practice it is time to purchase other medical ingredients." Yao Lao muttered as he smiled.
Xiao Yan nodded to acknowledge these words. With some expectations he smiled sweetly and asked: "Teacher can the current me be counted as a first tier alchemist?"
"Tch you think that just because you refined a few days worth of medicine you"ve become an alchemist? Healing medication is the simplest kind of elixir refining that kind of stuff is nothing to be proud of." Yao Lao sneered ruthlessly dousing Xiao Yan with cold water.
Rolling his eyes Xiao Yan was a bit gloomy: "Then when can I genuinely be considered as a first tier alchemist?"
"In the alchemy world the minimum requirement for a first tier alchemist is to be able to refine a pellet type pill and not the simple kind where all you have to do is mix essences into a paste."
"It seems that there"s quite a distance for me to go." Hearing these requirements Xiao Yan helplessly shook his head and strode forward advancing towards the auction house in the city square.
Chapter 77:Breaking the Supply of Ingredients
Primer Auction House the reception lobby.
On top of a table there was a small jade case in which a medicine pill lay peacefully. Due to the smooth round and glossy pill a strong nice fragrance pervaded the room causing everyone to feel attentative.
Watching the pills the two managers of the Primer Auction House Ya Fei and Gu Ni couldn"t hide the glee on their faces.
Through the black gown Xiao Yan could see that the two were forgetting themselves in front of him which caused him to inwardly express disapproval and ridicule them: "If they knew that Yao Lao skimped on the materials when he made this Qi Gathering Powder what would their expressions be like?"
The Qi Gathering Powder Xiao Yan brought was very much inferior to the product he himself used and yet this powder half-heartedly created by Yao Lao was able to surprise both Ya Fei and Gu Ni.
"My dear sir your alchemy techniques are truly admirable. The Qi Gathering Powder you created can already be compared to that made by fifth tier alchemists." Gu Ni wholeheartedly praised the light green pill.
Under the black cloak an old voice lightly rang out: "Please receive this Qi Gathering Powder well. After receiving so much help I just had to express my thanks or else my conscience would be deeply perturbed."
"Haha sir you are too kind. You are a guest here and the favors between us are simply favors between friends." Ya Fei smiled while lifting up the case with jade-like hands.
Yao Lao refrained from commenting. Not only did Yao Lao not believe those words even Xiao Yan scoffed at them as well. If it were really as she said the Primier Auction House would have been bankrupt already.
From inside his clothes Xiao Yan produced a piece of paper and handed it to Ya Fei. The old voice rang out: "Please do me another favor by finding these materials for me."
Eagerly accepting the paper Ya Fei quickly glanced over it before complying with a smile. After the previous time she dared not show any hesitation now.
Ya Fei called forth a serving girl with a wave and passed the paper to her instructing her to prepare the ingredients as soon as possible.
Teacup in his hands Xiao Yan lightly sipped. Suddenly he thought of something and after a few seconds Yao Lao"s voice could be heard: "Miss Ya Fei I have a question."
Hearing Yao Lao start to talk Ya Fei smiled sweetly and gently replied: "Please go ahead sir."
"The Jia Lie Clan has bought a lot of medicine ingredients from here right?" Yao Lao questioned in a monotonous voice.
At this question Ya Fei"s heart slightly tightened and the expression on her lovely face slightly changed. Stealthily sharing a quick glance with Gu Ni she silently hesitated for a moment before replying: "Previously the Jia Lie Clan had indeed purchased almost 100000 gold worth of medicine ingredients and these medical ingredients...... also possess some healing properties."
Slightly inclining his head his old voice suddenly disappeared into silence.
This sudden change in atmosphere from the black cloaked man caused Ya Fei"s heart to feel somewhat nervous; she long ago knew that the former was preparing to help the Xiao Clan and yet the auction house kept selling large amounts of medicine ingredients to the Jia Lie Clan. Though she does not know his temperament it is highly likely that this old gentleman would hold some grudge against the auction house.
The mood in the hall gradually became oppressive looking towards the silent black cloaked man Ya Fei started to feeling restless. If it were not for Gu Ni constantly stopping her with his looks she would have opened her mouth long ago.
"Both of you should know what I intended to do by buying so much medicine ingredients last time right?" A good while later the old voice finally broke the stifling silence.
Lightly nibbling on her red lips Ya Fei slightly nodded her head and replied in a low tone: "Sir had intended to refine the ingredients into healing medication to aid the Xiao Clan yes?"
"Just before I came I handed over all of the refined healing medicine to the Xiao Clan." Slightly nodding Yao Lao said in a deep voice: "Perhaps in another two days the Xiao Clan and the Jia Lie Clan will start to use healing medicine to battle for popularity in Wu Tan City."
Faced with this kind of topic Ya Fei did not know how to reply thus she could only cleverly maintain her silence.
"The manufacturing of healing medication requires a large amount of low-grade medical ingredients. In Wu Tan City besides Primer Auction House no other medicine stall has the capabilities to provide such a large amount." Seeing the wordless Ya Fei Yao Lao continued to remark to himself.
"In the later stages of this healing medication battle besides the price and quality having a sufficient supply of medicine ingredients is a key factor."
"Thus I hope that Primer Auction House will decline to provide the Jia Lie Clan with medicine ingredients from now on!"
Just as Yao Lao"s voice resounded out Xiao Yan"s line of sight penetrated through the black mantle and focused upon the mature beauty who was as lovely as a fox spirit. He had less than two months left in Wu Tan City and thus within this time he had to help his father to defeat the Jia Lie Clan. Only then could he leave on the training journey with Yao Lao at ease.
Ya Fei"s charming face slightly changed as she heard Yao Lao"s words. In a difficult position she said: "Sir our Primer Auction House has a rule that forbids us from involving in any kind of conflicts between the clans. If we agree to your request that would be tantamount to indirectly helping the Xiao Clan this is not in accordance to our rules......"
"I can refine two Qi Gathering Pills for you free of costs." Yao Lao said undisturbed.
"Sir it is not a problem of elixirs truly......" The enticement of two Qi Gathering Pills caused Ya Fei"s smooth hands to tremble however she continued to endure.
"Three pills......"
"Sir......" Ya Fei forced a smile right beside her Gu Ni"s face contorted three Qi Gathering Pills? That would be worth at least 500000 gold right?
"Five pills!" An aged voice armed with an indifferent tone relentlessly smashed against the baseline in Ya Fei"s heart.
"Hrrrr......" Ya Fei"s large eyes screwed shut as she lightly inhaled a breath of ice-cold air. After a long time her eyes abruptly opened Ya Fei let out a bitter laugh as she said: "Sir you"ve won. From now on Primer Auction House will never again provide the Jia Lie Clan with any medical ingredients!"
"Miss Ya Fei"s will is indeed somewhat beyond my expectations; one month later I will bring over the goods. Of course only if Primer Auction House does not let me down." Yao Lao said as he let out a small laugh.
"Sir be at ease Ya Fei knows who is important and who is not very clearly."
In any case Ya Fei had already experienced many years in the auction house thus she quickly calmed down. Between the Jia Lie Clan and an alchemist who was at the very least fourth tiered there was absolutely no comparison. The choice was not hard to make actually the true difficulty laid in how to select the best moment to earn the greatest profits and Ya Fei was very satisfied with the current outcome.
Chapter 78:Training and Training and then Breakthrough
Only after seeing the black clothed man walked out of the lounge satisfied with the ingredients in his hand could Ya Fei finally relax her shoulders. Her body was cuddled-up on top of the chair making her look like a curled-up fox. This lethargic position of hers had a peculiar charm to it.
"This dear sir... is truly daring." Said Ya Fei with her head stuck to the cool back of the chair.
Beside her Gu Ni was rubbing his forehead sighing: "Five pills of Gathering Qi Powder...It"s true that he"s a fourth tier alchemist but still isn"t his way of conducting business a bit grand?
Ya Fei nodded and pursed her red small lips before proceeding to mock herself: "I thought I could last against his pressure but who would"ve thought..."
Gu Ni laughed replying: "If it were me in your shoes I"m afraid I would"ve gave in by the time he mentioned the third pill. You were able to exceed my expectations and persevere until the fifth so be proud of it."
"What I showed was perseverance? Upon hearing his offer my mind blanked out and so I wasn"t able to think straight. But who would"ve thought...that he would be so forward with his request and threw in two extra pills." Said Ya Fei while rolling her eyes. She couldn"t refrain from laughing at the situation.
"Well facts are facts and your mind blanking out helped the Primer Auction House rake in an extra 400000 income." Expressed Gu Ni while laughing after he heard her explanation.
Ya Fei used her hand to cover up her mouth letting out a few tender laughs. As she started to get up from her chair she sighed: "Looks like the Jia Lie Clan is in for it now."
Gu Ni agreed as well nodding his head.
"But doesn"t it seem a bit suspicious? Isn"t our dear sir supposed to be a complete stranger to the Xiao Clan? Why is he helping them so much? He"s even willing to spare five pills of Qi Gathering Powder to cut off the Jia Lie Clan"s supply chain" Ya Fei said while a hint of suspicion flashed across her eyes.
"Who knows... Our respected alchemist sure is mysterious isn"t he? I didn"t know that the Jia Ma Empire had a figure like him" Said Gu Ni helplessly.
Ya Fei nodded slightly her eyes wandering. After muttering a bit she replied: "Looks like having a phenomenal relationship with the Xiao Clan will be a must. With these pills I"ve increased the profits of the auction house by four-fold. Let"s see if anyone can surpass me at the next employee assessment shall we?"
After these words were said the ends of her red lips formed a smile. With hands behind her back she exited the lounge while humming a song to herself.
......
Walking out of the auction house Xiao Yan let out a long sigh in a low voice he said: "Teacher thank you very much."
"What"s there to thank if the Jia Lie Clan is not stamped to the ground would you be able to concentrate when I bring you on the training journey?" Yao Lao helplessly replied.
"Hehe." Xiao Yan grinned without any further words he followed his usual twisting and turning about the streets routine before taking off the black mantle in an empty corner and carefully exiting the street heading towards the Xiao Clan.
Back at the clan when Xiao Yan occasionally met another clan member he could feel that their gazes were filled with even more envy. Evidently word of what had happened in the hall today had spread amongst the clan.
Xiao Yan ignored these looks as he continued his slow journey towards his room. As he turned a corner a girl in red suddenly appeared in a head on collision course. Thankfully Xiao Yan braked to a halt in time successfully avoiding the awkward crash that had threatened to unfold.
"Xiao Yan ge-ge? I"ve finally found you." The girl in red retreated a step back and lifted her head. Her young and pure face contained its own type of charm. The combination was a bit contradictory causing the girl to have a little more indescribable charm compared to other girls of the similar age; this kind of charm even made Xiao Yan glance a few more times.
This girl whose face was filled with joy was none other than Xiao Mei.
Xiao Yan"s gaze swept across Xiao Mei"s pretty face. Rubbing his nose he asked in a monotonous voice: "Is there anything?"
As she heard this somewhat unfamiliar greeting Xiao Mei"s radiant face slightly darkened in a low voice she answered: "Clan Leader wants Xiao Yan ge-ge to make a trip to the study room."
"Hmm?" Slightly startled Xiao Yan nodded and smiled in reply: "Okay got it thanks." He waved goodbye before turning towards the study room located in the front courtyard.
"Xiao Yan biao-ge thank you for before." Xiao Mei softly said as she watched Xiao Yan"s straightforward and clearcut steps walking away. A flash of disappointment could be seen in her eyes as she bit her lip.
Xiao Yan paused his step as he elegantly waved towards Xiao Mei without turning coolly replying: "No problem."
Staring at Xiao Yan"s retreating figure all of a sudden Xiao Mei gathered her courage to ask: "Xiao Yan biao-ge will you be participating in the enrollment test for Jia Nan Academy?"
"Maybe." With both hands on the back of his head Xiao Yao slowly and gradually left leaving behind this word.
When Xiao Mei heard Xiao Yan"s reply her overcast but pretty face finally brightened. Pinching her hands into a fist she stood on the spot as she looked as Xiao Yan"s figure finally faded from sight before lightly and bitterly sighing and turning around to leave.
......
Xiao Yan strolled about in the clan before he finally arrived in front of a spacious room. Lightly knocking on the door he slowly pushed the door open and entered.
In the room Xiao Zhan and the three elders were discussing something but as they saw Xiao Yan enter they closed their mouths in unison.
"Father you were looking for me?" With a smile on his face Xiao Yan walked up and asked.
Xiao Zhan smiled back as he nodded his head glancing at the three elders he hesitated before asking in a low voice: "You should have seen that old sir right?"
"Yes." Xiao Yan inclined his head naturally he knew what Xiao Zhan was referring to.
"Do you know where he came from?" Xiao Zhan muttered.
"I"ve only known him for a short time how could I find out about his origins?" These were Xiao Yan"s heart-felt words as he really did not know exactly where Yao Lao came from.
"But I know that he is an alchemist." Xiao Yan smiled and added.
"Nonsense." Xiao Zhan rolled his eyes as he smiled whole scolding playfully.
Xiao Zhan shook his head and laughed with an excellent mood he continued to ask Xiao Yan a few more questions about Yao Lao. However Xiao Yan"s muddled and silly replies meant that in the end Xiao Zhan did not manage to find out anything.
"You little brat I can"t even tell if you"re pretending." As he gazed at a seemingly completely ignorant Xiao Yan Xiao Zhan could not help but shake his head helplessly. With a flourish of his hand he continued to speak: "Forget it go and continue whatever it is you were doing if you meet that old sir in the future try not to offend him. The future of the Xiao Clan depends on him."
Xiao Yan shrugged his shoulders declining to comment.
"Ermph...... Xiao Yan your current aura seems some what...... strong." The First Elder stared at Xiao Yan and suddenly stuttered out.
At the First Elder"s words Xiao Zhan was also startled concentrating his gaze to sweep across Xiao Yan. A moment later his mouth slowly gaped open and he let out in amazement: "You......you have made a breakthrough to Dou Zhe?"
Hearing these words the corners of the Second and Third elder mouths pulled apart as they stared in disbelief at the youth in front of them.
"Hic......" Xiao Yan scratched his head before innocently spreading out his hands: "I think so I was just training and training as usual and then somehow made a breakthrough......"
The corners of Xiao Zhan"s eyes jumped shocked at this development. He didn"t know whether to laugh or cry and said: "What kind of "training" was that?"
Over this period of time Xiao Zhan had already gotten used to the miracles created by Xiao Yan. With a wave of his hand Xiao Zhan forced a smile and said: "It"s good that you made a breakthrough if you have some time go to the rank testing association to receive a rank badge."
Xiao Yan nodded the corners of his mouth raising playfully: "Then can I leave now? Honestly I just trained and trained and then broke through......"
"You can get going already......" Rolling his eyes Xiao Zhan playfully scolded him. This young fellow was simply ruffling people"s feathers. Did he truly not know that when these three elders were condensing their Qi Cyclone they failed twice in a row before becoming a Dou Zhe?
Staring at the stiff faces of the three elders Xiao Yan grinned and broke out into laughter. Only after Xiao Zhan began scolding him again did he scurry out of the study.
Hearing the fading laughter of that youth the three elders faces slightly loosened up. Looking at each other they couldn"t help but laugh with faces full of bitterness.
Chapter 79:Counter-Attack by the Xiao Clan
After receiving the secret aid of Xiao Yan in the form of the large quantity of healing medication though the Xiao Clan did not publicize this news they had already secretly started to prepare for their counter-attack against the Jia Lie Clan.
The events that occurred in the clan hall were kept a secret by Xiao Zhan and the three elders; everything regarding the healing medicine had been classified as the highest scale of prohibition. None of the clan members could mention this to the outsiders; if any one were to leak information that person shall be punished according to the clan"s rule.
Along with the silence of the Xiao family the behavior of the Jia Lie clan became more and more arrogant using all kinds of tricks and enticements without restraint to pull away all the customers of the Xiao family"s market.
Even with this the Xiao Clan remained silent.
Seeing the Xiao family watching in silence some of the small forces allied with them became disappointed and also started to secretly prepared to move to protect themselves.
With an atmosphere a little bit stranger than normal two days" time quietly passed.
It was another day of radiant and enchanting sunny weather while Jia Lie clan"s market was as hot and crowded like always. On the main street people"s head were flowing like water. On the "Return of Spring Powder" stall there was an even larger crowd of people; the sound of shouting scolding and scuffles all gathered in one place. The deafening voices pierced through the clouds.
Behind the brown medicine counter a medicine salesman of the Jia Lie clan was watching the arguing mercenaries fighting over the medicine. The smile on his face had a prideful look knowing he had an advantage by being the only supplier of the medicine.
Jia Lie Ku was a core member of the Jia Lie clan and was in charge of Jia Lie"s clan most popular market.
Standing on the second floor of the reception hall Jia Lie Ku looked down from high above upon the big streets of crowded people; his fat and oily face was filled with a complacent smile.
During this period of time "Return of Spring Powder" had sold far more than Jia Lie clan"s initial estimates. Under the huge temptation of benefits the Jia Lie clan was no longer satisfied as they moved the price from 100 gold to 300 gold
Initially the many mercenaries were disgusted by the price increase however there was no other supplier for the "Return of Spring Powder" thus they could only make a din and complain for a while before grudgingly accepting the reality of getting cheated.
Jia Lie Ku lightly hummed a small tune as his eyes pulled into a line and happily said: "Even if you don"t buy other people will still buy......"
Jia Lie Ku extended his short and fat hand to block the rays of the sun unable to endure it in front of the warehouse. He wiped the sweat off his forehead as he grumbled: "Damn it"s way too hot today looks like I"ll have to release some of my "hot spunk" tonight to cool off. Tch tch the young girl from last time was so refreshing and lively." As he recalled the ecstasy of that forbidden place Jia Lie Ku was filled with an unbearably impatience yet again wiping his sweat. Then his brows suddenly wrinkled up at the sight of a disturbance at the entrance.
"Damnit fighting again? These mercenaries are all brawn and no brain do they not know that it costs money to fix the things they break?" As Jie Lie Ku gazed at the disturbance he could not help but curse in irritation.
"The Xiao Clan marketplace has also started selling healing medication!!"
Just when Jia Lie Ku was preparing to send guards to settle the disturbance a loud shout was suddenly heard from the main street.
When Jia Lie Ku heard this sudden shout the fat all over his body jiggled like a mountain crashing into the sea and on his face his complexion slightly changed. However a moment later he sneered and said: "Looks like there"s no hope left for the Xiao Clan to actually come up with this kind of methods they are practically asking for death."
The shout had caused the once noisy main street to elapse into a period of silence however as everyone started looking at each other in dismay one by one the crowd started cursing: "Damnit don"t even think about using this kind of dirty tactics to steal the place I had been queuing half a day for."
It was clear that these people believed that the shout was a ploy to take the chance to shamelessly push to the front of the queue. After all this kind of trick was common during this period of time.
After cursing these people continued their rush for the "Return of Spring Powder" again.
Of course not everyone had these thoughts. A small portion of the mercenaries who were sick and tired of the overbearing conduct of the Jia Lie Clan decided to check. After hesitating for a while they chose to squeeze out of the street and head towards the Xiao Clan marketplace half in doubt yet half in belief.
Standing upstairs Jia Lie Ku looked at the still extremely popularity on the main street. He could not help but laugh proudly and spoke shadily: "Xiao Clan? Hey lets see how long you can persevere. Later on in Wu Tan city the Jia Lie clan may be the only big clan. The times of the 3 influential clans? Hehe those days have left forever!"
The effect of the shout from before on the busy marketplace was like a leaf dropping into the vast ocean it barely made any ripples" the popularity of the Jia Lie Clan was not in the least bit affected.
Naturally this was only temporary.
Half an hour after the shout a few burly men wearing mercenary garb appeared before the marketplace entrance of the Jie Lie Clan. They rudely barged into the marketplace bumping and pushing over the guards. With gleeful faces they lifted the green jade bottles in their hands high into the air as they shouted out in unison momentarily suppressing the noise of the marketplace.
"The Xiao Clan is also selling healing medication!!"
Their unified shout caused the marketplace to fall into silence as everyone"s gazes turned to the source of the shout a flash of understanding in their eyes.
One of the burly mercenaries who had just barged in hurriedly jumped onto a large rock nearby. With a "Qiang" sound he drew the broadsword at his side before gritting his teeth as he pulled it over his arm drawing a fresh line of blood.
Lifting his bloodied arm for all to see the burly man tilted the green jade bottle in his other hand as a thick and viscous crimson red liquid slowly poured out to cover the wound.
Under the watchful eyes of the crowd the thick and viscous crimson red liquid invaded the wound. A moment later the flow of the blood that was previously surging out slowed and to everyone"s surprise the blood had already congealed to form a thin layer over the wound.
On the main street the gazes of all who had personally seen this scene suddenly lit up with passion: this kind of rapid staunching effect was essential to any mission!
"This is the new product sold by the marketplaces of the Xiao Clan called "Blood Clotting Medicine"! Not only is it more effective but its price is also lower than the "Spring of Return Powder" by more than half! What are you people waiting for? Do you enjoy being extorted like idiots? Still not dispersing?" The burly mercenary held up the jade bottle as he cracked open his mouth and laughed savagely.
The main street was in silence.
One of the mercenaries who had just entered the marketplace blankly stared at the green bottle in the burly man"s hand. A split second later he abruptly turned around and ran......
Gazing upon the shadow of the man who had desperately run out of the marketplace The crowd in the marketplace slightly wavered before loudly moving off together their steps caused the ground to tremble as the crowd frantically stampeded out of the marketplace.
On the rock a strange smile floated upon the face of the burly mercenary at the sight of the frantic crowd. As a wind blew across the clothes of the burly man a Xiao Clan emblem was faintly exposed......
After the huge commotion the originally bustling marketplace was suddenly deserted. Besides the few merchants who were still dumbstruck at the scene there was barely anyone left on the main street.
"The Xiao Clan...... has started their counter-attack."
This thought raced across all of the merchants as they gazed upon the now empty main street.
They exchanged gazes and as one they lifted their heads to look upon Jia Lie Ku. At this moment the once gleeful fatty was already paralyzed on the spot with a deathly pale complexion on his face.
Meanwhile in the other marketplaces of the Jia Lie Clan similar situations were occurring......
Chapter 80:Alchemist Liu Xi
The atmosphere in the brightly lit hall felt stifling and oppressive.
In the middle of the hall stood a table and at it"s center rested a small green jade bottle. From that bottle a faint medicine smell emanated.
Many people were seated within the hall. From their attire it was evident that they were the many upper echelons of the Jia Lie Clan; Jia Lie Ku was also seated among them.
In the hall on the leftmost side reclined a white clad youth lazily against the back of a chair. In truth the youth would have looked rather charming if it weren"t for the lust filled look frequently flashing across his eyes degrading his image. While he reclined one of his hands could be seen slowly burrowing into the clothes of the pretty maid beside him. Even though there were so many people around him no one seemed to care about such an unbridled action.
u"The pretty maids cheeks slightly paled with the youths vulgar act but she did not even make a sound. But it was clear that a trembling restrained look was brewing in her eyes as her tender body continuously shuddered."
"This is the "Blood Clotting Medicine" that the Xiao Clan suddenly came up with and now our popularity in the markets has already begun to plummet." Jia Lie Bi gazed upon the small green bottle on the table with a gloomy face acting as if he did not see any of the youth in white"s rude actions.
"How could the Xiao Clan have healing medication? Could it be that they have also managed to get an Alchemist?" Jia Lie Ao who often clashed with Xiao Yan cast a glance at the man in white besides him before frowning and asking.
Jia Lie Bi squinted his old wrinkled eyes an ugly expression on his face: "Does anyone remember the mysterious alchemist we met at the auction house? At that time he seemed to favor the Xiao Clan. If this "Blood Clotting Medicine" is refined by him then we are in big trouble. As you all may know that person could be a third tier alchemist."
Hearing the term third tier alchemist the white clothed youth finally stopped the hand that was roving about the maid"s body reluctantly. He stepped forward and picked up the small green bottle to take a small whiff before pouring out a little of the contents and lightly rubbing it between his fingers. With a sneer he concluded: "A third tier alchemist? Bull. This Blood Clotting Medicine is indeed more effective than the Return of Spring Powder but based on it"s quality the person who refined it is obviously of a lower tier than me. The greater effectiveness of the medicine is due to the unique recipe."
At this information everyone seated inwardly let out a sigh of relief. If the Xiao Clan had really obtained the help of a third tier alchemist then the Jia Lie Clan would have probably been doomed.
"From my experience it is highly likely that the alchemist from the Xiao Clan is just a complete novice who somehow managed to borrow this recipe from god knows where to manufacture this Blood Clotting Medicine." On the face of the white clothed youth there was only indifference and disdain.
"Hehe being able to see a maker"s skills from a tiny bottle of medicine Liu Xi da-ge"s insight is truly vicious." Jia Lie Ao smiled with a hint of flattery.
"It is merely one of the basic skills of an alchemist." Having been called Liu Xi with so much flattery the white clothed youth modestly shook his head; however an obscure pleased look floated upon his face which did not manage to escape the observation of the old wily foxes seated around him.
"Although the Return of Spring Powder loses out to the Blood Clotting Medicine in terms of quality the difference between the two isn"t dramatic. The main reason why our marketplaces are losing popularity is because previously we had raised the price too much. After we reevaluate our prices our popularity will slowly return but lowering it back to its previous cost will be challenging. After all this Blood Clot Medicine will definitely pull away many customers. It seems that in the future the Xiao Clan will also gain a foothold in the healing medication market of Wu Tang City." Jia Lie Bi slowly muttered.
"Reevaluate the prices?" At these words Liu Mu wrinkled his brows evidently unwilling to cope with any sudden price reduction since he had already gotten used to the high prices.
Having seen the look on Liu Mu"s face Jia Lie Bi inwardly cursed at how brainless Liu Mu was before obligingly explaining with a smile on his face: "Mr. Liu Mu the current market situation is unlike before. Previously we monopolized the healing medicine market in Wu Tang City but now that is no longer so; thus we need to reduce our prices to regain our popularity."
Liu Mu grudgingly shook his head curling his lip he said: "Do whatever you want but remember even if you reduce the price I still get the cut we talked about when the medicine was worth 300 gold."
Jia Lie Bi"s eyes couldn"t help but twitch as a cloud of anger began to descend upon his mind; he took a deep breath to calm down. His face still wore a smiling expression however it seems to have grown a little colder: "Haha of course. I will definitely pay Liu Mu"s share as we agreed."
"Ok." A satisfied look on his face Liu Mu nodded his head and once again returned to his seat. Even more unbridled than before he dragged the pretty maid onto his lap.
"Mr. Liu Mu we do not have much "Return of Spring Powder" left. Earlier I have already sent people to the Primer Auction House to purchase ingredients. When the time comes I"m afraid I"ll have to inconvenience you again" Jia Lie Bi smiled before supplementing: "Additionally I managed to buy a pair of valuable Ta Ge Er Desert Snake Women yesterday and I have already sent them to your room."
When Liu Mu heard that he had to refine medicine again a look of impatience flashed clearly across his face yet after hearing the two words: Snake Women the impatience immediately changed into a perverted expression. With the flame of lust burning in his eyes he nodded his head and took charge of the situation: "As long as there is enough medicine ingredients the Clan Leader need not worry about the quantity of Return of Spring Powder."
At the sight of a Liu Mu who was so easy to control the corners of Jia Lie Bi"s mouth turned to form an expression of disdain inwardly he sneered: "With only thoughts controlled by lust besides knowing alchemy he has no other good points."
Jia Lie Bi sneered as he shook his head lifting his teacup with both hands to his mouth to take a sip before engaging in the topic Liu Mu was most interested in: sexual affairs smiling all the while.
As he was once again making light talk with Liu Mu a clan member hastily barged into the hall quickly arriving at Jia Lie Bi"s side before lowering his head to speak some words into Jia Lie Bi"s ear in a hushed tone.
With a smile on his face Jia Lie Bi listened to the clan member"s report a moment later the smile on his face went rigid "Ka Cha" the teacup in his hand was suddenly crushed to dust and the dust and tea mixed together as they flowed down his hand dripping onto the floor.
"That wretched Primer Auction House to actually use such a ploy with me!"
With a face full of fury Jia Lie Bi abruptly stood up and roared in anger a berserk Qi suddenly exploded out of his body forming tiny whirlwinds which hissed in mid air.
Seated closest to Jia Lie Bi Jia Lie Ao suddenly found it hard to breathe due to the imposing Qi that emitted from his father and hastily rushing a few steps back. He anxiously shouted: "Father!"
Jia Lie Ao"s shout allowed Jia Lie Bi to regain his senses. His face slightly twitched before coldly sitting down and saying: "Primer Auction House has refused to sell our Jia Lie Clan any more medicine ingredients!"
Once these words were said the entire hall was in uproar everyone looked at each other in dismay alarm was visible on their faces.
"How can it be possible? Hasn"t Primer Auction House always preserved their neutrality? How can they suddenly choose to oppose the Jia Lie Clan?" Jia Lie Ku"s complexion changed at Jia Lie Bi"s words and shuddered while involuntarily voicing his thoughts.
"If there were enough incentive who would pointlessly maintain their neutrality?" Jia Lie Bi coldly snorted in reply as he slowly spit out a sigh. He cast a glance towards the Liu Xi who was in a sorry state due to his Qi before icily saying: "I fear that the Xiao Clan had some hand in this matter."
"They shouldn"t have the ability to cause Primer Auction House to refuse to sell us medicine ingredients right?" Jia Lie Ao muttered.
"Humph who knows what kind of conditions they used to move Primer Auction House." Jia Lie Bi stroked his aged face and without knowing why a sense of unease filled his heart.
"What can we do now? Without enough medical ingredients our stock of the Return of Spring Powder will quickly run out. At that time it would be our turn to experience the spectacle of an empty marketplace." Jia Lie Ku anxiously said.
Jia Lie Bi ground his teeth and coldly replied: "There are quite a few medical ingredient stores who still stand by our side first send people to buy all of the medical ingredients they have to support ourselves as much as possible over this period of time. If even then we are still unable to survive then go to the other cities and towns to buy medical ingredients at high prices I don"t believe that the influence of the Xiao Clan will reach the other nearby cities and towns."
As the words left his mouth Jia Lie Bi took another teacup only to realise that his hands were lightly trembling. Swallowing a mouthful of saliva Jia Lie Bi had an inexplicable feeling that the Jia Lie Clan had stirred up something that should never have been touched......
Chapter 81:Detection
The appearance of the Blood Clotting Powder like a thunderbolt swiftly ate up over half of the market share for healing medication and allowed the Xiao Clan"s marketplaces to not only recover their popularity but to surpass it within two days.
Two days after the debut of the "Blood Clotting Powder" the Jia Lie Clan had gradually reduced the price of the "Return the Spring Powder" back to what it was initially. However the profiteering practice of the Jia Lie Clan just days before had repulsed many mercenaries resulting in their marketplaces failing to return to the bustling places they once were.
Since Wu Tang City was close to the edge of the Magical Beast Mountain Range the scale of mercenaries the city needed was very large. Moreover the Magical Beast Mountain Range was filled with danger stimulating an extremely great demand for healing medicine. Hence despite the Xiao Clan snatching over half the market share for healing medicine the Jia Lie Clan continued to remain profitable. Yet when compared to the past the profit has shrunk to half of what it was...
......
The furious sales of the healing medicine had far outstripped the expectations of the Xiao Clan which was venturing into this profession for the very first time. Every day the market"s "Blood Clotting Powder" would be quickly purchased in the morning by the mercenaries who had been waiting beforehand. By the afternoon all of the healing medicine would have been sold out. At this time the mercenaries who had failed to buy any "Blood Clotting Powder" had little choice but to go to the Jie Lie Clan"s marketplace to purchase the slightly inferior "Return of Spring Powder."
With the indirect help from the overwhelming demand of healing medicine from the mercenaries the Jia Lie Clan barely managed to survive the fierce retaliation of the Xiao Clan. However their respective futures would ultimately hinge on who had a greater stock of medicine.
......
Sitting in the Meeting Room Xiao Yan helplessly watched Xiao Zhan who could not stop grinning. Shifting his gaze slightly he found that the three elders were also full of smiles. Silly laughter also continuously penetrated the hall. The cause of all of this was the stock of "Blood Clotting Powder" that Xiao Yan had delivered that morning under the disguise of the black robed man.
"Ha Ha! The sales of the "Blood Clotting Powder" was simply too crazy. Had the esteemed elder not delivered another batch I"m afraid that our warehouse would be empty by now." Xiao Zhan smiled as he held a green bottle with both hands in a manner that suggested he was holding a treasure.
"True. In only a few days our marketplace"s popularity had more than doubled what it was at our peak. The losses we previously suffered have slowly been recovered. Hehe adding the sales from the healing medicine... The profit from the last few days already amounts to about two months of our previous income." The usually quiet first elder was unable to control himself and became talkative in the face of such a huge gain; the wrinkles on his aged face were like a blooming chrysanthemum.
Xiao Zhan smiled and nodded. Turning his head to face the seated and slightly bored Xiao Yan he could not help but reprimand: "You little rascal you always disappear when the esteemed elder is here. Why can"t you be less active and stay put at home?"
Being wrongfully scolded Xiao Yan rolled his eyes while helplessly thinking "If I did not move around where would you get the healing medicine from?"
"Ai the esteemed elder is too generous. Luckily I managed to inquire about the ingredients needed. Moving forward we will be responsible for the ingredients. The Xiao Clan has already obtained so much from him. If we are too greedy I"m afraid that it will do us more harm than good." Xiao Zhan muttered as he took out a piece of paper from his pocket.
"Yes." The three elders quickly nodded at Xiao Zhan"s words. Had Xiao Zhan not been meticulous they would have forgotten about this matter.
"Heh. Knowing where to draw the line in the face of such a large profit.. not bad. It"s little wonder why your father could become the head of a clan." Yao Lao"s praise was heard in Xiao Yan"s heart.
Nodding his head and smiling Xiao Yan gained some peace of mind. Although he could temporarily help the Xiao Clan materially the ultimate success of the clan depended upon the leader"s ability. If the leader was someone with horrible character regardless of how great Xiao Yan"s ability was he could not help the useless succeed. Yet from the looks of things it seemed that Xiao Zhan was capable of being a great leader.
"Clan Leader elders Miss Ya Fei from the Primer Auction House is waiting outside" A clan member hurried into the hall and spoke just as Xiao Yan was praising his father.
"Ya Fei?" Hearing the clan member"s words Xiao Zhan was silent for a moment before hastily speaking: "Quickly invite her in."
Not long after the clan member went to relay the order a graceful and lovely woman slowly appeared in their field of vision. Her mumbling laughter also began spreading and lingering in the hall. "Ha Ha. Clan Leader Xiao seems to take pride in his Clan"s recent success . "
Leaning his head back on the cold chair Xiao Yan turned his gaze towards the main entrance and was slightly stunned as his eyes were filled with a breathtaking sight.
Beside the main entrance stood a smiling mature woman wrapped in a red robe. The tight red dress thoroughly hugged her exquisite body. Her curvy waist swayed so radiantly and gracefully from side to side that it caused others to covet it. From the bottom of the dress came a straight cut that came upwards to her thigh both revealing and hiding her dazzling leg beneath.
"Vixen..." Watching the aura of matureness that the lady instantly emits the young middle-aged and three elderly men in the hall involuntarily voiced their misgivings.
"Ahem." Coughing dryly Xiao Zhan smilingly stood up and began with the pleasantries: "Ya Fei Xiao-Jie the Xiao Clan"s annual profit cannot compare with even a branch of your Primer Auction House. What right do we have to be pleased?"
"Ke Ke. Clan Leader Xiao is really eloquent. Recently the popularity of the Xiao marketplace has far surpassed that of our auction house. This truth is something all of us have witnessed with our own eyes." Ya Fei faced the three elders in the hall and greeted them respectfully. Blinking her bright eyes her gaze slowly shifted to Xiao Yan only to be shocked. In a slightly stunned voice she said "Looking at young master Xiao current state it seems he is stronger than when I last saw him."
"Ya Fei Xiao-Jie  please drop the honorifics and simply address me by my name. This young master is frightened of hearing them." Xiao Yan gave a seemingly pure smile as he spoke. The form of address has caused him great uneasiness.
Hearing this Ya Fei could not help but smile.
"Is there a matter that brings you to the Xiao Clan?" Asked Xiao Zhan with a smile.
Ya Fei nodded while smiling. She sat down on the empty chair beside Xiao Yan licked her red lips and cut to the chase. "Clan Leader Xiao Primer Auction House has stopped supplying the Jia Lie Clan with their medicinal ingredients."
Once these words were out a significant amount of tea from Xiao Zhan"s cup was spilled onto the table. His pupils secretly skipped over his extreme happiness as he wiped off the tea leaving no evidence. Shifting his gaze to the three elders the radiance in their eyes was also apparent.
The big hall slowly became silent. Xiao Zhan emptied the tea in his tea cup in one gulp before asking hesitantly. "For what reason? Hasn"t the Premier Auction House always adopted a neutral position?
Ya Fei smiled without answering.
Clenching his teeth Xiao Zhan asked softly: "What price do you expect us to pay for this?"
"Nothing" Ya Fei continued to smile as she spoke.
"Eh?" Being surprised once again Xiao Zhan watched the smiling Ya Fei doubtfully. He did not believe that the Primer Auction House would help them hurt Jie Lie Clan without a price. Touching his chin Xiao Zhan abruptly moved. In a whisper he sounded her out: "Is... this that esteemed elder"s doing?"
Licking her red lips Yan Fei nodded slightly and replied with a grin: "The esteemed elder has already paid our reward so there isn"t any need for Clan Leader Xiao to worry that we will demand something from the Xiao Clan. From now on we are fighting alongside each other."
Hearing this his face finally displayed extreme happiness as he faced upwards and laughed. His laughter sent faint tremors throughout the clan.
Gradually restraining his laughter Xiao Zhan suddenly realized that his behavior suggested that his head was overwhelmed by success. He lowered his head and realized that three elders were curling their mouths in helplessness.
Smiling embarrassingly Xiao Zhan watched Xiao Yan who was covering his mouth and secretly laughing. He could not refrain from flying off the handle and scolding "Little rascal why are you laughing? Where are your manners? Go and serve tea to Ya Fei Xiao."
(ED. < Xiao is an honorific > )
Rolling his eyes helplessly Xiao Yan reached over to the table beside him and picked up a cup of warm tea and rushed over to serve Ya Fei with both hands.
Giving Xiao Yan a gentle smile Ya Fei received the cup of tea from Xiao Yan. Abruptly her pretty face changed. The pair of beautiful eyes focused on Xiao Yan"s pair of fair hands.. or rather the black ring on his right hand.
Following Ya Fei"s line of sight Xiao Yan"s gaze slightly froze. Without leaving any trace of avoidance he retrieved his hands. With his back facing his father and the others he squinted his eyes and stared at the beautiful lady before him.
Being openly stared at Ya Fei"s heart slightly tightened. Following which she sensibly lowered her head and sipped her tea. The expression on her face was also well-hidden.
Seeing the beauty"s obedient behavior Xiao Yan relaxed and rubbed his nose. He lazily walked back to his seat while frowning as though he was deep in thought.
Chapter 82:Coming Clean
After making idle chat with Xiao Zhan and the others Ya Fei decided to take her leave. Beside her Xiao Yan who had remained silent displayed his duty as a host and escorted Ya Fei out under the approving gaze of Xiao Zhan.
After leaving the main entrance Xiao Yan did not show any intention of returning home. With his hands behind his head and his eyes narrowing he followed Ya Fei closely. No one could tell what he was pondering.
Walking beside Xiao Yan Ya Fei became slightly anxious. Her clenched fists were already covered in perspiration. Since she was young she had an extremely good memory and by chance she had saw the hands of the mysterious black cloaked alchemist the last time they met at the auction house. The fair complexion and vitality appeared to be that of a young man and moreover on the fair hand was a black ring that was exactly the same as the one worn by Xiao Yan. Having this coincidence as the starting point and thinking back on why the Xiao Clan was in the good grace of the alchemist the key to the riddle seemed to be about to burst forth.
Biting her red lips Ya Fei secretly measured the young man beside her from the corner of her eyes. The young man dressed in inexpensive black clothes had a tall and vigorous body. His hands were cupping his head emitting a lazy feeling. While his dedicated face had the tenderness of a young man the angle that appeared and disappeared from the corner of his mouth did not appear to belong to an inexperienced and naive young man.
Despite having carefully sized-up Xiao Yan Ya Fei still had trouble believing that the person that forced both herself and Gu Ni into obedience at the auction house was actually a young man of about seventeen years of age.
"Seen enough?" Just as Ya Fei could not help but smile bitterly the young man beside her finally spoke in an indifferent voice.
Slowing down her footsteps Ya Fei sighed: "You... Should I address you as the esteemed elder or Xiao Yan Di-di?"
TL: Di-di = younger brother
Xiao Yan raised his eyebrows before abruptly raising his chin towards one corner. "Go in."
Ya Fei followed his gaze and walked over. Her cheeks involuntarily reddened. The place where Xiao Yan had indicated was Wu Tang City"s famous meeting place for lovers.
Following a brief hesitation Ya Fei had initially wanted to weakly suggest changing the venue. However Xiao Yan had already swaggered over and had sat down on a stone chair under a dark green willow tree.
Faced with Xiao Yan"s overbearing manner that was the total opposite of his respectful manner back in the Xiao Clan Ya Fei could only helplessly shake her head. Isn"t this change in personality a little too quick?
Slowly stepping forward Ya Fei sat face to face with Xiao Yan. A pair of long narrow beautiful eyes sparkled gauging the young man in front of her.
"Have you recognised me?" Xiao Yan vaguely asked as he reached out to pluck a willow leaf to chew.
Ya Fei pushed her fallen hair back and her expression caused a man just a short distance away to widen his eyes. Licking her lips she laughed bitterly: "I was actually hoping that my guess was wrong."
Hearing those words Xiao Yan"s eyes narrowed and his teeth ruthlessly bit at the bitter leaf.
"You are not intending to kill me are you?" Seeing Xiao Yan"s attitude Ya Fei momentarily asked in a timid voice. Nonetheless a brief smile flashed in her eyes.
"I intend to do much more and then dispose of your corpse" Said Xiao Yan evilly.
Hearing such crude and inappropriate words Ya Fei"s face reddened her coquettish eyes stared at him and scolded: "Where has this child learned to pick up such bad things?"
Xiao Yan curled his lips and stretched lazily. Since his identity was already revealed there was no longer a need to beat around the bush. "The black cloaked man who had done business with you was indeed me."
"But the one who makes the medicine is a different person right?" Ya Fei laughed as her gaze wandered around. She was not stupid. The extent of Xiao Yan"s ability was something that she was very certain of. Even if he was an alchemist with his current strength it was impossible for him to refine high quality medicine like the Qi Gathering Pill.
"If a lady is too smart no man will like her." Xiao Yan curled his lips and said as he glanced at Ya Fei who had already correctly guessed most of the truth.
"That is just the thinking of some vulgar men" Ya Fei raised her eyebrow and said disdainfully.
Xiao Yan rolled his eyes. He did not have the time to discuss such unimportant matters. Chewing the bitter leaf that had spread in his mouth Xiao Yan indifferently said: "You should know the reason I have come to find you. Please do your utmost to keep my identity a secret. This will be to the benefit of everyone."
Licking his lips Xiao Yan threw a glance at the lovely beauty in front of him: "Naturally do not treat this as something you can threaten me with. Otherwise you will lose more than you will gain."
"Do I look like a brainless large woman?" Ya Fei innocently opened her hands.
Xiao Yan watched the surging billow on her chest seriously for a while before nodding his head. "They are indeed very large. As for whether you have brains it will depend on your behavior from now on."
"....."
Being taken advantage of by a young man a few years younger than her Ya Fei shook her head not knowing whether to laugh or cry. Even if his double identity was put aside with just his handsome appearance alone it was difficult to arouse anyone"s ill will.
"What about our collaboration?" Ya Fei anxiously stared at Xiao Yan. This was the question that she really wanted to ask.
"There will be no change. You will continue to refuse supplying the Jia Lie clan any medicinal ingredients and I will pay you with five Qi Gathering Pills." Xiao Yan shrugged his shoulders. His indifferent voice allowed Ya Fei to heave a sigh of relief.
"Haha I look forward to working with you." Ya Fei said with a beautiful smile as she extended her hand in a natural and generous manner.
Lazily nodding his head Xiao Yan shook the dedicate hand. Contrary to Ya Fei"s expectations only a brief contact was made.
Looking at the young man whose actions were unpredictable Ya Fei sighed uncontrollably: "It really causes one to suspect whether you are really only seventeen. I"ve only realized now that you have been leading me by the nose."
Disregarding such a topic Xiao Yan waved his hand. He stood up and began leaving. As he walked he said: "When we meet again you should use the same attitude as before lest anyone should find something amiss."
Nodding with a smile Ya Fei softly said: "If you have time could you invite the alchemist behind you to the Primer Auction house? He will always be welcomed."
Slowing his footsteps Xiao Yan rubbed his nose and vaguely replied: "We will consider it when we have time." After turning around and waving once more Xiao Yan left decisively.
Watching as the young man"s figure disappeared into the distance while standing on the same spot Ya Fei smiled bitterly and shook her head. In a low voice she said: "What a little devil. I cannot understand why the girl from the Na Lan clan would cancel her engagement with him. In the future I"m afraid that Na Lan Su will vomit blood in regret."
Chapter 83:Young Head of the Marketplace
Less than a month after the release of the Blood Clotting Powder the Xiao Clan won seventy percent of Wu Tang City"s healing medicine market. The huge profit filled the Xiao Clan with joy. The courtyard and doorway which were rarely used recently were now used constantly and were now as lively as a market.
Compared to the Xiao Clan the Jia Lie Clan was filled with gloominess. Due to their recent profiteering ways they had aroused the dislike of the majority of the mercenaries. Moreover the Xiao Clan"s Blood Clotting Powder was more potent than the Return the Spring Powder. Hence the Jia Lie Clan"s healing medicine business continued to be suppressed by the Xiao Clan"s business. Had it not been for the Xiao Clan"s daily limit on the sale of their healing medicine the Jia Lie Clan would not have had any business at all.
While their market share in the healing medicine industry had shrunk there was still a tidy profit to be made. The main headache for the Jia Lie Clan lied in the large amount of medical ingredients needed for them to make their medicines.
The largest resource warehouse in the city the Primer Auction House had already rejected having any further cooperation with them. Facing this embargo on medical ingredients the Jia Lie Clan was filled with fury. Despite their anger however they did not dare use any force against the Primer Auction House. Supporting the Primer Auction House was a force that could rank amongst the most powerful of the entire Jia Ma Empire. A small family clan in Wu Tang City like them did not have the ability to provoke them.
Unable to procure goods from the Auction House the desperate Jia Lie Clan could only purchase all the stocks of the medical ingredients shops in Wu Tang City at a price several times higher than their market value. Nevertheless this was only a temporary measure. The medical ingredient shops did not have the ability to meet such a large demand in the long-term.
More importantly everyone in Wu Tang City had recognized the anger and killing intent between the Xiao Clan and Jia Lie clan. Helping the Jia Lie clan now would undoubtedly offend the Xiao clan which was getting stronger each day. Therefore after their first sales of medicinal ingredients to the Jia Lie Clan many medicine shops did not dare to sell to them in bulk again. This restriction had also worsened the predicament of the Jia Lie Clan.
With this the Jia Lie Clan"s source of medicinal ingredients from Wu Tang City was cut by nearly eighty percent. The remaining sources were far too insufficient to meet the demand from the manufacturing of their healing medicine. Due to this the utterly helpless Jia Lie Clan could only use high prices to purchase medicinal ingredients from other cities barely managing to overcome the crisis caused by the shortage of medicinal ingredients. By doing this however the Jia Lie Clan"s profit once again shrank. If it was not for the profit from the healing medicine the Jia Lie Clan would have faced bankruptcy already.
Currently in Wu Tang City the Xiao clan"s position was rising with the help from their healing medicine and was even faintly showing the momentum to surpass the other two large clans.
......
Xiao Yan was sluggishly walking on a street within the rowdy marketplace. Behind him seven to eight tall and sturdy large men were adorned with the Xiao Clan"s guard uniform. On all of the chests of these large men there would be four or more golden stars. Clearly all of these large men had the strength of at least a four star Dou Zhe.
On the street where the flow of people was rather large many fierce and tough mercenaries that were emitting the scent of blood all gave a friendly smile upon seeing a young man walking lazily with his hands behind his head. Occasionally those who were more familiar would laughingly ask: "Young head have you come to patrol the marketplace again?"
Each time he was faced with such a form of address Xiao Yan would helplessly pull his mouth before letting out a soft sigh. Half a month ago Xiao Zhan had suddenly placed him in charge of this marketplace in the name of training him. Regarding Xiao Zhan"s action the Xiao Clan had an argument. Having someone manage a marketplace in his teens was unheard of in the Xiao Clan. However after considering Xiao Yan"s much elevated position in the clan some eventually agreed. Thus Xiao Yan who was originally resting at home was placed in charge of this marketplace.
Although the marketplace was huge the management of it was not very tiring. Which was something that comforted Xiao Yan. Xiao Yan threw the miscellaneous matters regarding the division of the streets and the discussion of the rental rates of the shops in the prime locations to the old housekeeper that his father had specially assigned to him. Each day he would occasionally bring a group of large men to patrol the streets and manage the security issues of the marketplace spending his days in a calm yet unrestrained manner.
On the surface Xiao Yan appeared to be mild and indifferent. However he loved to gather with the mercenaries and discuss the stimulating and dangerous experiences they had during missions the strange monsters and the Qi Methods that are left behind in caves. These discussions increased Xiao Yan"s thirst for risk-taking and adventure. He desired to enter those remote mountains that had almost no traces of people to search for those secretive yet strong Dou Techniques and Qi Methods.
Xiao Yan"s young age and his delicate face already made it difficult for others to have ill feelings. On top of this each time the discussion became exciting he would retrieve the limited healing medicine from his breast pocket and pass them around for free. This caused those straightforward mercenaries to have a good impression of him. Over time the marketplace managed by Xiao Yan had the highest number of customers returning amongst the Xiao Clan"s marketplaces.
Recalling the events over the last half a month Xiao Yan emotionally smiled. Such days were numbered. At most after another half a month he would have to leave with Yao Lao on a training journey and it would be at least another one or two years before he would return.
Throwing away his melancholy Xiao Yan raised his head. A wretched and skinny image from the crowd came rushing at him abruptly.
Pausing his steps and looking at the ordinarily dressed small man Xiao Yan"s eyebrows creased as he spoke indifferently: "Ke Lu why are you here instead of being out there making your fortune?"
The dreadful looking small man Ke Lu in front of him was the marketplace"s well known pickpocket gold finger. When faced with this kind of shady occupation Xiao Yan did not unrealistically attempt to eliminate them. He knew only too well that if there is a front side there will be a back side. Although such an occupation is looked down upon they are extremely well informed. Regardless of whatever happened anywhere in Wu Tan City they would have some information on it.
"Hehe young master" Facing Xiao Yan with a flattering smile the skinny small man called Ke Lu said with a smile: "This lowly person is here to inform you that I have information from my subordinate saying that Xun Er Xiao-jie was verbally insulted by a man of unknown origin just outside the marketplace. I came here after hearing about it."
"Oh right Jia Lie Ao of the Jia Lie clan was also amongst present. It seems like he is acquainted with the man wearing funeral clothes and talking to Xun Er Xiao-Jie. Quite a few people were also accompanying them."
Narrowing his eyes Xiao Yan indifferent face gradually became cold. Slightly slanting his head he softly said: "Xiao Li call the others. As long as they are alive they need to be here."
"Understood!" A large man respectfully replied before hurriedly turning around and running towards the interior of the marketplace.
"Lead the way" Said Xiao Yan indifferently as he turned around and raised his chin.
Looking at the sudden coldness on Xiao Yan"s face Ke Lu hurriedly nodded. Not daring to utter any unnecessary words he immediately began leading the way.
"This bastard dares to come to the Xiao Clan"s territory to molest a member of the Xiao Clan. If I Xiao Yan allow you to leave the marketplace unharmed I will abandon my post as the head of the marketplace!" Licking his lips Xiao Yan"s ghastly voice caused Ke Lu who was at the front leading the way to tremble and pick up his pace.
Chapter 84:To Cripple
Liu Xi was currently very excited. The source of his excitement was the pretty lady clad in green standing a short distance away.
The young lady"s clothes were elegant and her exquisite small face was devoid of any cosmetics displaying an image of natural beauty and innocence. Her sleek black hair which was randomly restricted by a short green cloth gathered at her waist. When the wind blew her drifting hair stirred one"s heart.
On the young lady"s unbearably small waist that one felt compelled to hug a pale purple belt thoroughly outlined her graceful curves in a manner that even the eyes of a passerby could not help but peep at her waist. In his heart Liu Xi secretly thought: "If I could embrace such a small waist how enjoyable would it be?"
As his red-hot face watched the young lady Liu Xi"s palms trembled due to excitement. The graceful young lady in front of him was totally different from all the others that he has had fun with. Adding her refined temperament which was much like a lotus flower the lustrous Liu Xi could not help but feel the desire to immediately have her.
Glancing at Xiao Ning who had just been driven to the ground with one strike Liu Xi laughed "Protecting ladies requires real ability which you do not have."
Xiao Ning"s face turned red and furiously clenched his teeth angrily as he was mocked by Liu Xi.
"Xiao Ning come back. You are no match for him" Xiao Yu softly hooted as she stepped forward. Her face was slightly icy.
Xiao Ning clenched his teeth. He weighed both sides" strength in his mind and could only unwillingly retreat. Having lost face in front of the girl he liked Xiao Ning was utterly embarrassed.
After scanning Xiao Yu"s body with his eyes Liu Xi"s gaze finally landed on her sexy and long legs and felt compelled to praise her "Another lady of the highest grade. It seems my luck is quite good today."
u""Haha Liu Xi Da-ge they are members of the Xiao Clan. This womans name is Xiao Yu. Her temper is short and men without some ability would not be able to conquer her." Jia Lie Ao who was accompanied by a group of burly large men walked forward with a smile and laughed dreadfully."
TL: Da Ge - big brother
"Keke the spicier ... the more delectable." Liu Xi gaze once again turned to the silent young lady clad in green his eyes released a greenish light. "Who is this lady?"
Seeing that his beloved person had caught the attention of Liu Xi Jia Lie Ao"s mouth twitched slightly. He silently but ferociously cursed this bastard with worms in his head and in his heart before helplessly replied. "She is Xiao Xun Er."
"A good name." Laughing while nodding his head Liu Xi stopped wasting his breath on Jia Lie Ao. He took two steps forward and acted like a gentleman as he spoke "My name is Liu Xi. May I invite you ladies to join me in looking around the marketplace? Haha if there is anything in the marketplace that you ladies are interested in feel free to put it on my tab." As he spoke Liu Xi"s arms slowly widened boastfully exposing the badge on his chest that revealed his occupation.
On the badge was a simple medicinal cauldron. On the surface of the medicinal cauldron was a silver ripple that reflected a peculiar radiance upon receiving the rays of the sun.
"A first tier alchemist?" Seeing the badge on Liu Xi"s chest the surrounding crowd of people immediately choked; Liu Xi"s smile widened at these choked voices.
Hearing the words "first tier alchemist" Xiao Yu"s face slightly changed. However with her personality she would not go shopping with a shifty-eyed person simply because of his occupation. Without pausing she spoke: "We"re not free. You can find someone else." After she spoke she grabbed Xun Er"s hands and turned around to leave.
Just as she was turning around a few large men stepped out from the crowd of people. They smiled licentiously as they blocked the way out.
Seeing the large men blocking their path Xiao Yu"s face sunk. She turned around and spoke coldly to Jia Lie Ao. "This is the Xiao Clan"s territory. Aren"t you being a little too arrogant?"
"Keke the Xiao Clan? Are they very strong? All they did was gain a little popularity with the help of the Blood Clotting Powder. If I wished to I could easily destroy the Xiao Clan. The Spring Reviving Powder is but a healing medicine that I randomly made." Liu Xi stroked his snow white sleeves as he said proudly.
Hearing these words Xiao Yu became furious but she remained quiet. Deep in her heart she knew the ability of an alchemist and did not dare to speak too bristly to avoid bringing any unnecessary trouble to the Xiao Clan.
Although Xiao Yu may care about such details Xun Er was not concerned with such worries. She now understood that this human shaped garbage was delaying her meeting with Xiao Yan.
Lightly raising her eyes and watching the arrogant Liu Xi Xun Er"s small lips opened slightly. The words that her ethereal voice spoke however caused everyone to be in a daze. "Garbage will always be garbage. Even after wearing the skin of an alchemist he will still be garbage. Someone like you who goes around flaunting your little bit of ability.. using Xiao Yan Ge-ge"s words..stupid."
The street became quiet. Many people were stunned. The young lady who appeared so elegant was as good as anyone else when it came to scolding people.
Xiao Yu was similarly stunned while watching the Xun Er beside her. A long while later she helplessly curled her lips and said "I have said that you would be corrupted by that little bastard..."
Having been publicly ridiculed in an unrestrained manner by Xun Er the smile on the narrow minded Liu Xi"s face diminished. He said gloomily "In all these years you are the first person who dared speak to me in such a manner."
"Really. What foolish words."
As her small hands rubbed her bright and clean forehead Xun Er was now almost certain that the person in front of her was either an idiot or was overly arrogant.
"Jia Lie Ao do it! Originally I wanted to use legitimate means. It"s too bad that she is ungrateful." The gloomy faced Liu Xi waved his hand and ordered coldly.
"Eh..." Jia Lie Ao was startled. He rubbed his head while suffering a headache. With a wary smile he thought "What is this guy thinking? Father was right. Other than alchemy he knows nothing. How can such a person be an alchemist?"
Sighing Jia Lie Ao could only say with a smile "Liu Xi Da-ge currently our Jia Lie clan cannot afford to offend the Xiao clan."
"The Xiao Clan?" Laughing coldly Liu Xi said disdainfully "If I can have her I will help you ruin the Xiao Clan. Besides the Return of Spring Powder I am able to make two to three other types of medication. Once I refine them I assure you that the Xiao Clan will return to the sorry state it was in before."
Listening to the assurance Jia Lie Ao was once again stunned. He had not expected that this person would so easily reveal all the cards in his hands. Besides being secretly delighted he once again sighed. Does this mean that the greater the stupidity the greater the probability of one becoming an alchemist? Jia Lie Ao waved his hand and ordered "Capture them!"
Hearing Jia Lie Ao orders over ten huge men behind him immediately wore fierce and tough faces as they approached and surrounded Xun Yan Er"s group.
Seeing the arrogance of the other party Xiao Yu became extremely furious. Accompanied by a sneer Xiao Yu retrieved a long green whip from her waist and mercilessly whipped the bulky man that was rushing towards her. "Pa". In the blink of an eye a long bloodstain appeared on the man"s face.
Although Xiao Yu was a three star Dou Zhe against over ten people with strength similar to a Dou Zhe she fell into a disadvantaged position after beating off two to three of the big men. She ended up being forced to dodge causing her to be embarrassed.
After causing another big man to cough up blood and retreat a pale faced Xiao Yu was forced to take a few steps back. Turning her head she ordered Xiao Ning "Take Xun Er away. Go and call that rascal here!"
Xiao Ning hurriedly nodded. His face abruptly changed as he quickly warned "Sister be careful!"
Hearing Xiao Ning"s warning Xiao Yu swiftly turned around and found the man whom she had whipped earlier raising his iron fist sinisterly and then viciously threw a punch towards her chest.
Seeing such an unexpected and dirty attack that focused on such a position on a woman"s body Xiao Yu was livid with rage; Dou Qi gathered on her palm. Just as it was about to be furiously released a black figure speedily appeared by her side. A fierce wind smashed into the huge man. The enormous strength directly caused the man to roll a couple of meters with his face covered in blood before gradually stopping.
"Cripple everyone who attacked."
A young man carrying a steel rod glanced coldly at Liu Xi and Jia Lie Ao standing on the other side. The soft sound emitted by his lips was a little frightening.
Hearing the young man"s command tens of huge men carrying the same steel rod and wearing evil smiles came charging out at once.
Chapter 85:Acceptance
Facing dozens of four star Dou Zhe level practitioners wielding steel rods the squad of over ten people that had been flaunting their power suddenly froze. Before they had the chance to escape those black metal rods ruthlessly rained down on every part of their bodies. In an instant horrible shrills echoed through the entire street.
After throwing a cold glance at the ashen faced Jia Lie Ao Xiao Yan tilted his head and faced the furious red-faced Xiao Yu and asked in a gentle voice: "Are you alright? You should have informed me that you were coming over. Recently this bunch of bastards from the Jia Lie Clan have been looking to stir up some trouble."
Being suddenly treated so gently by Xiao Yan for the first time Xiao Yu was obviously shocked. The redness on her face grew a shade darker. At a loss she randomly shifted her gaze and spoke: "I met Xun Er when I left the house. She said that she wanted to come and see you so I decided to accompany her. How was I supposed to know that I would encounter these bastards?"
Xiao Yan couldn"t help but shake his head. He shifted his gaze to the young lady clad in green whose face was full of joy at his appearance. The smile on his face became even gentler: "You seemed to enjoy cursing just now."
Listening to Xiao Yan making fun of her Xun Er innocently shook her head pursing her lips and saying with a bright smile: "That wasn\t my intention. It was just that I didn\t like his attitude - Even Xiao Yan ge-ge back then didn\t dare to openly snatch someone off the street."
Facing Xun Er"s hidden rebuttal Xiao Yan touched his nose and smiled forcefully. He might have been a little arrogant back then but he could not be as bad as the man in front of him.
"Oh isn"t this the young master of the Xiao Clan? Having not seen you for over a year I heard that you have finally gotten rid your name "cripple"!" Jia Lie Ao couldn"t help but butt in after seeing Xiao Yan speak to Xun Er.
"Who is he?" Liu Xi"s gaze was equally cold. Seeing Xun Er chatting and laughing with another man after giving him the cold shoulder was a great blow to the arrogant Liu Xi"s ego. he could not accept this.
"Hehe Liu Xi Da-ge this is the Xiao clan"s famous "genius". His name is Xiao Yan. Back then despite training for over ten years his Dou Qi remained at only the third or fourth stage. I don"t know what he ate recently but his Dou Qi rose quickly to the eighth stage within a few months." Jia Lie Ao stood beside Lu Xi and made the introduction with a cold smile.
"Regardless of how great one"s talent is if one isn"t even a Dou Zhe he is nothing but trash" Said Liu Xi coldly
Hearing these words Xun Er"s small face grew even icier. A golden flame flashed in her limpid eyes.
Reaching out his hand and lightly patting on Xun Er"s stretched taut body Xiao Yan smiled indifferently and shook his head. Turning his head Xiao Yan glanced at Liu Xi who was completely dressed in white. His gaze randomly swept towards his chest where the Alchemist badge resided and smiled: "You should be the alchemist who refined the potion "Return of Spring Powder" right?"
Lu Xi coldly smiled and stuck out his chest with the badge proudly announcing: "That"s right! I am the alchemist hired by the Jia Lie Clan."
Xiao Yan seemingly having realised something nodded and laughed "No wonder. Only an alchemist like you could refine such a low-grade healing medicine. You really have been worthy of your master"s teaching!"
Upon hearing Xiao Yan"s words the surrounding mercenaries promptly laughed loudly. After having experienced the profiteering ways of the Jia Lie Clan these mercenaries held a significant grudge against the creator of the "Return of Spring Powder". Seeing that Xiao Yan dared mock the creator in his face they felt a little satisfied.
The laughter of those around him resulted in Liu Xi"s face gradually growing darker. His eyes coldly stared at Xiao Yan: "You are helping your Xiao Clan offend someone they cannot afford to offend."
Hearing this Xiao Yan was a little stunned. He laughed bitterly and massaged his head utterly speechless at how arrogant the man was. Did he really think he was some disciple of a Dou Di? A one star alchemist would be respected by the Xiao Clan but to say that he was someone the clan couldn"t afford to offend that would be a joke.
TL: Dou Di is the highest Dou Rank
"Ai how did he become an alchemist with such low intelligence?" Sighing and shaking his head Xiao Yan who was a little depressed exchanged a glance with Xun Er. After having a brief conversation with Liu Xi he finally understood why the gentle and soft Xun Er would dislike this man so much.
Rubbing his palm gently on his face Xiao Yan was too lazy to continue conversing with this obviously stupid person. Waving his hand at the dozen of large men behind him he smiled "Attack! Go after their master too. Since these people dared to create trouble in our territory we do not need to give them any face. Otherwise we may be laughed at."
Seeing Xiao Yan"s actions Jia Lie Ao"s faced changed. He did not expect Xiao Yan would really attack. Turning his eyes he insultingly provoked: "I thought that you had grown quite a bit. To think that you are still a useless person who only knows how to rely on his subordinates."
"Your provocations really are rather weak." Xiao Yan waved the metal rod in his hand as he spoke quietly.
"If you wish to treat it as a provocation then consider it one. A useless person like you doesn"t have the qualification to walk beside Xun Er Xiao-jie." Said Jia Lie Ao insultingly. A cold look stealthily flashed across his eyes as he continued with his evil design: "You should have undergone the Coming of Age Ceremony haven"t you? Heh. That means if I challenge you now you won"t have any reason to decline right?"
"You are really shameless. Xiao Yan is only seventeen this year while you are twenty-three. You actually dare to issue such a challenge. If you wish to play I am willing to accompany you!" Xiao Yu rebuked Jia Lie Ao challenge. Her eyebrows straightened and she lashed out with her whip leaving a thin white scar on the ground.
The corner of his mouth twitched slightly as Jia Lie Ao provokingly said: "You seem to have quite good luck with women.Yet another woman has come forward to stand up for you. Heh you are but a coward who only knows how to hide behind women."
"Dammit this white face is too cocky. Young Master I will play with him in your place: " Watching the overbearing Jia Lie Ao some of the surrounding mercenaries who had a better relationship with Xiao Yan howled.
Seeing that his words had stirred up such a large commotion Jia Lie Ao"s face changed. His strength was that of a three star Dou Zhe and was a little overwhelmed at offending such a large crowd.
Glancing at the expressionless Xiao Yan Jia Lie Ao brushed his sleeves and coldly said: "Since you don"t have the guts to accept the challenge then let"s forget about it. Liu Xin Da-ge let"s go. A person who did not dare to accept such a challenge doesn"t deserve any respect."
Liu Xi nodded his head while wearing a shady smile. His gaze covertly landed on Xun Er for a moment before furiously glaring at Xiao Yan and threatening: "Brat just you wait. I will have the Xiao Clan voluntarily send her over to me. Amongst all the woman who had caught my eye there was not a single one whom I cannot get my hands on."
Xun Er indifferently glared at Liu Xi whose face was filled with obscenity. Within her eyes a killing intent finally emerged.
Jia Lie Ao and Lu Xi turned around but a couple of haughty large men from the Xiao Clan appeared at the entrance of the marketplace and barricaded the entrance.
"I know that you really wish to cripple me. Em alright. Let"s fulfill your wish... I accept your challenge." Just as Jia Lie Ao was about to send a signal for help a young man"s indifferent voice suddenly rang out from behind him.
Hearing this Jia Lie Ao was first stunned before a sinister smile appeared. The corner of his mouth slowly lifted as he whispered: "It"s you who seeks death. Don"t blame me if anything happens."
Chapter 86:Challenge
Turning around slowly Jia Lie Ao slanted his head the smile on the corner of his mouth was a little sinister. "Liu Xi Da-ge may I play around with him?"
Liu Xi nodded his head and smiled. Without leaving any trace he straightened his palm in front of him and perversely said: "If you have the chance don"t hold back."
Jia Lie Ao smiled and shut his eyes. Liu Xi"s words had abruptly prompted him to recall a secret private conversation he had with Jia Lie Bi. Back then Jia Lie Bi had just received the news of Xiao Yan having recovered his talents. After a long silence while wearing a gloomy face Jia Lie Bi used an extremely solemn and cold voice when he finally spoke to Jia Lie Ao.
"If that boy ever accepts your challenge you must not show any mercy. It would be best if you could kill him on the spot. Even if you are unable to crippling him will also help the Jia Lie Clan remove a potentially terrifying enemy."
Gradually remembering the grave and chilling voice that his father used to deliver the message the smile on Jia Lie Ao"s face grew increasingly sinister. His awful eyes gazed at the calm Xiao Yan a short distance away. He felt a premonition that the young genius would be killed by his own hands.
Jia Lie Ao"s confidence originated from his own strength. In addition to the position of a three star Dou Zhe the Qi Method that he had trained with was a wind element High Xuan one Hurricane Chant. Adding the few Dou Techniques that he knew he was already able to be victorious in a challenge against a five star Dou Zhe.
Compared to him even though Xiao Yan had his talent return was only 8 Duan Qi at the Coming of Age Ceremony. Even if his strength once again increased during this period it was impossible for Xiao Yan to surpass him. Regarding this Jia Lie Ao had absolute confidence.
Within the entire street Jia Lie Ao was not the only one who thought that Xiao Yan had no chance of victory. Even the observing mercenaries and Xiao Yu similarly thought that regardless of how outstanding Xiao Yan"s talent was the gap in the rank of the two was not something that anyone could ignore.
"Isn"t this little rascal normally overtly shrewd? Why did he fall for that guy"s lowly provocation?" Seeing Xiao Yan who had a metal rod in his hand Xiao Yu"s face became bleak. Stepping forward she cruelly scolded in order to protect Xiao Yan: "When have you become someone who doesn"t know his limits? Knowing that you can"t win why did you accept the challenge? Are you tired of living?"
Receiving the spurt of reprimands from Xiao Yu Xiao Yan merely shrugged and smiled: "We haven"t even started fighting. It is difficult to say who is the one who is tired of living."
"You..." Watching the stubborn Xiao Yan Xiao Yu savagely stomped her feet. Her sexy long legs leaped to his front blocking him. Next she lashed her green whip in the air and releasing a splitting sound. "Let me fight in your stead. I know your potential is great but that is something for the future."
Watching Xiao Yu whose back was facing him Xiao Yan was stunned. He did not expect that the woman who had always fought with him would in the face of others protect him to such an extent. He rubbed his head unable to make heads or tails out of it. After which he swept his gaze across Xiao Yu"s back to her slender waist her beautiful butt and finally landing on her pair of perfect and sexy long legs.
Somewhat surprised at the perfect outline of this wild woman Xiao Yan smacked his lips and quickly retrieved his gaze before the body"s owner discovered them. His head leaned forward. When viewed from a distance he appeared to be putting his chin on Xiao Yu"s shoulders. "Eh. Back then didn"t you wish for someone to beat me to death?"
The sound of breathing beside her ear lead to Xiao Yu"s body instantly tense up. The delicate tip of her ear was quickly covered by a pink blush. A moment later she took a deep breath and spoke with indifferent voice that hid a difficult to discern shiver: "You should clearly understand the value you have to the clan. Therefore you cannot accept any challenges as you please. As your... Biao-jie I have the right to protect you from some danger."
"Eh what a strange argument." Xiao Yan could only helplessly scratch his head. "Forget it. I will settle my own problem. As a woman you should stand aside." Finishing the sentence he fiercely tightened his gripped on the metal rod and turned his body to one side bypassing Xiao Yu who had been blocking him. Stepping off the ground he suddenly rushed towards the impatient Jia Lie Ao.
Watching Xiao Yan"s actions Xiao Yu became anxious. Just as she was about to knock Xiao Yan back with her long whip a young lady"s clear voice caused her to pause: "Xiao Yu Biao-jie have faith in Xiao Yan ge ge. He is not an impetuous person. If he did not have the confidence he would not proactively provoke another."
"Xun Er..." Turning around Xiao Yu watched the smiling Xun Er Xiao Yu was stunned. All she could do was nod and sigh. Her hands however continued to grip her long whip tightly.
"Heh Heh little bastard I will make you regret your foolish actions today." Staring at Xiao Yan who was rushing over armed with a metal rod Jia Lie Ao laughed coldly. The pale green Dou Qi was quickly being embodied on his palm.
Jia Lie Ao stood on the spot without moving. His palms had suddenly changed into the shape of sharp claws. At the tip of his fingers the green Dou Qi faintly formed 10 sharp wind nails. With a sinister laugh he moved his hands. Together with a wind-breaking sound he ruthlessly attacked Xiao Yan.
Feeling the faint sharp sound of ripping air Xiao Yan narrowed his eyes. He raised his left hand and ferociously punched the ground in front of him. A shapeless strong gust of air hit the surface and its reflected force suddenly halted Xiao Yan"s advance.
Seeing how flexible Xiao Yan was in controlling his momentum the surrounding experienced mercenaries immediately exclaimed in admiration.
At the moment when his body came to a stop the metal rod in Xiao Yan"s hand was released and continued forward. Just like a released arrow it shot towards Jia Lie Ao"s head.
Watching the metal rod flying towards him Jia Lie Ao smiled disdainfully. With the flip of the hand with the floating green Dou Qi the air in front of him became turbulent and a few small green hurricanes appeared.
After bypassing a few small hurricanes the metal rod"s strength was easily eliminated.
Losing its strength the metal rod fell onto the ground half a meter away from Jia Lie Ao with a clear and loud crash.
"Ah..." Observing Xiao Yan"s offensive being easily overcome the surrounding people could not help but sigh. Jia Lie Ao who possessed a high level skill seemed to be unbeatable.
Chapter 87:Try To Kill
"Jie Xiao Yan"s situation isn"t looking too good." Looking towards the field at the weapon-less Xiao Yan Xiao Ning said nervously.
Xiao Yu with a calm and collected face whispered: "Why should I care if he dies he wanted to be a hero. Now he"s better. He failed to become a hero and is being bullied by others while losing face." Slightly staying silent for a moment Xiao Yu sighed: "Get ready to save him. Jia Lie Ao that scoundrel looks like he"s out for blood."
Xiao Ning nodded his head reluctantly and did not dare to get on her bad side.
Compared to the nervous Xiao Yu Xun Er appeared to be exceedingly calm. The pupils of her eyes swept across the field and fell upon the disadvantaged Xiao Yan while her luscious lips held a faint smile.
Sidestepping with some difficulty Xiao Yan dodged Jia Lie Ao"s attack. Just as Xiao Yan retreated Jia Lie Ao closed in since the wind attribute technique amplified his speed. Clenching his fists firmly with a fierce expression Jia Lie Ao heavily attacked towards Xiao Yan"s head.
With his back to the wall unable to evade Xiao Yan"s face was still as calm as pond water and slowly let out a breath. A faint yellow Dou Qi ferociously rushed out onto his clenched fists. With an indomitable violent manner he finally started to direct clash with Jia Lie Ao.
Seeing that Xiao Yan chose to meet force with force against Jia Lie Ao the surrounding crowd could not help but make some commotion. The large discrepancy between the levels of both sides was obvious. If Xiao Yan had continued to choose to evade then he could still stall the fight. But if he chose brute force then he would undoubtedly be defeated.
Just when everyone was about to feel pity for Xiao Yan those firmly held fists of Xiao Yan suddenly spread out and a fierce formless pushing force abruptly appeared and ruthlessly smashed into Jia Lie Ao"s stomach.
Jia Lie Ao"s stomach suffered an indescribably powerful attack as his quick and violent charge was immediately reflected back. His face became pale and with eyes full of maliciousness a thought hurriedly flashed through his head: "What Dou technique is this? How could it be so strange?"
The faces of many people watching were astonished after seeing Jia Lie Ao unexpectedly blown backwards.
"Vacuum hand!"
Spreading out his palm and targeting Jia Lie Ao who was flying back Xiao Yan with an extremely sinister gaze chose the best opportunity. Immediately with a wild suction force he ruthlessly pulled at Jia Lie Ao.
In midair pulled back as if he were a leather ball Jia Lie Ao became extremely furious and gritted his teeth towards Xiao Yan who was getting closer and closer while holding a trace of cruelty on his face. Cyan Dou Qi quickly condensed onto the surface of his fist unexpectedly forming into a small whirlpool: "Low Xuan Dou Technique: Green Wind Whirling Fist!"
The fist in midair brought a sound of piercing wind while the immense wind pressure from the technique blew back the junk on the ground next to Xiao Yan.
Slightly narrowing his eyes feeling that colliding violent wind pressure Xiao Yan"s complexion gradually turned grave. His body after a moment of silence suddenly turned around. His right foot stamped firmly onto the wall with an enormous force leaving a half-inch deep imprint. Using the wall"s counter force Xiao Yan"s body whirled around in midair and his right leg curved into a weird arc. In this moment his flexible legs appeared as if they were as hard as steel.
"Octane Blast!"
Pursing his lips Xiao Yan"s face was cold. His right foot in the air had finally stored up enough force and under the gazes of the crowd it met with Jia Lie Ao"s oncoming fist and made an explosion on contact.
"Don"t get cocky just because you"re a three star Dou Zhe!"
At the moment foot and fist clashed yellow Dou Qi rushed forth from Xiao Yan"s right leg with a light sound making Jia Lie Ao"s face change abruptly.
"Bang!" Fist and foot collided as a muffled thunder arose from the point of contact.
"Kacha!" Right at the moment of contact the sound of bones being broken pierced through the air. Following the noise Xiao Yan and Jia Lie Ao"s bodies flew backwards at almost the same time.
His body smashing heavily against the wall behind him Xiao Yan tasted something sweet rise up in his throat and then spat out a mouthful of blood that sprayed onto the ground.
Seeing that Xiao Yan had vomited blood the mercenaries in the vicinity all sighed with regret. They all thought that Xiao Yan had already been defeated but suddenly Jia Lie Ao who had fiercely slammed onto the ground suddenly gripped his right hand. He rolled all about on the floor releasing howls of anguish.
Within the crowd there was no lack of shrewd spectators. Once they noticed the grotesque shape that Jia Lie Ao"s arm had been twisted into they couldn"t help but draw a sharp breath their faces displaying shock.
The sounds of clamor within the crowd went silent at this moment. Gazes of astonishment fixated on the youth who was panting heavily near the wall. After a long while cheers suddenly erupted into the air.
Her red lips slightly parted Xiao Yu gazed in disbelief at Jia Lie Ao who was wailing miserably and said in amazement: "That little bastard he actually won?"
"It seems that way. That guy"s arm was broken by Xiao Yan......" Xiao Ning swallowed a mouthful of saliva. Xiao Yan"s ferocious attack made him recall the miserable condition he had been put in before. However Jia Lie Ao"s current condition was obviously worse about ten times worse. Staring at the Jia Lie Ao whose bone was nearly sticking out of his arm Xiao Ning could tell that this guy"s arm was most likely permanently disabled.
Hearing Xiao Ning"s confirmation Xiao Yu didn"t speak for a while. Her vision fiercely fixated on Xiao Yan who was gasping for air: "So it turns out that this little bastard had already advanced into the Dou Zhe realm. No wonder he wasn"t the least bit scared."
......
After sitting on the ground for a whole ten minutes Xiao Yan slowly climbed to his feet and swept a cold glance at the nearby Liu Xi who gawked stupidly. Dragging his numb right leg he picked up an iron rod at his side. He gazed ominously at the howling Jia Lie Ao on the ground and drew over with difficulty. Jia Lie Ao"s attack from just a moment ago already revealed the murderous intent he had towards Xiao Yan. To those who wanted his life Xiao Yan wouldn"t be unnecessarily merciful either.
Lying on the ground and staring at the Xiao Yan who drew steadily nearer Jia Lie Ao"s face no longer held any hint of viciousness but rather looked panic-stricken as he swallowed a mouthful of saliva. He could clearly distinguish that look of murder in Xiao Yan"s eyes and couldn"t help but hastily say: "I yield!"
Xiao Yan"s face was completely expressionless and seemed as if he didn"t even hear a word. He gripped the iron rod in his hand even tighter.
Looking at that youth"s steeled expression even if it was the bloodthirsty mercenaries they couldn"t help but feel a bit frightened. The current Xiao Yan made it hard for people to believe that he and the previously ever-smiling youth were the same person.
His steps halting Xiao Yan towered above Jia Lie Ao and stared at him. He suddenly grinned but that full smile which showed off those pearly white teeth made Jia Lie Ao"s heart grow cold. Only now did he realize that this youth who was normally as calm as a sheep actually possessed a heart even more cruel than his.
"Die you scum......"
Laughing lightly Xiao Yan"s pitch black pupils suddenly radiated even sharper killing intent and the black iron rod in his hand whistled fiercely through the air to smash towards Jia Lie Ao"s head.
Chapter 88:Conclusion
Staring at the merciless Xiao Yan Jia Lie Ao"s face turned white; a frightened expression enveloped his face.
On the street the observers spontaneously sucked in a breath of cold air as they watched Jia Lie Ao about to be killed. Xiao Yan"s decisive move led to many people changing their opinion of him.
Xiao Yu opened her red and moist mouth as her entire body was utterly frozen on the spot. Xiao Yan"s ruthless and decisive character had totally overturned the gentle image she had of him. She had never expected that the young boy who she usually fought and lost her temper with could practice ruthlessness with such familiarity.
Everyone"s gaze followed the metal rod in Xiao Yan"s hands. When the metal rod was half a meter away from Jia Lie Ao"s head however there was a sudden violent sound that was like a clap of thunder. On the street someone abruptly called: "Brat from the Xiao clan a challenge"s purpose is to learn from each other. You actually dare to be so brutal?"
Hearing the furious scream Xiao Yan narrowed his eyes the edge of his mouth curled into a cold smile. Instead of stopping the metal rod in his hand smashed downwards with an even more vicious force.
"Move aside!" Xiao Yan"s action had obviously fanned the flames of the person who had shouted. With a curse an extremely sharp wind energy was released whistling forward. Like green lightning it cut across the middle of Xiao Yan"s metal rod and instantly the firm and hard metal rod was cleanly cut into two midair.
Xiao Yan"s face changed when the metal rod was broken into two. Clenching his teeth Xiao Yan wanted to ruthlessly pierce the remaining half of the metal rod into Jia Lie Ao"s throat when the green wind stuck once again. The strong pressure from the wind actually caused Xiao Yan to have difficulty breathing.
Shrinking his eyes he used all his strength to pierce forward with the metal rod. However he was blocked by an invisible air film that could not be broken.
Twitching his lips Xiao Yan"s right hand tightly gripped the rod as his body moved slightly and twisted over. The metal rod left his hand and became a black shadow ferociously shooting toward the figure flying towards him.
"Hmph!" Seeing that Xiao Yan had actually dared to attack him the figure coldly snorted. His hands curled into claws and fiercely waved in front of him. The thick green Dou Qi formed a few pale green wind blades.
Raising his finger the wind blades left his hands and cut the metal rod into over ten pieces.
"To have such a ruthless heart despite being so young. Today I shall teach you a lesson in Xiao Zhan"s stead!" The figure coldly laughed after cutting the metal rod into pieces. Within both of his palms green Dou Qi was being quickly gathered. A cyclon gathered under his legs and lifted him into the air. Like a cannon he threw himself towards Xiao Yan. A pale green wind blade appeared just as he waved his palm and explosively shot toward Xiao Yan.
The air pressure originating from the wind blades blew the ground free of any dirt.
"Teach me a lesson? Who do you think you are? You should discipline your son first." Xiao Yan shook his head and smiled coldly. From the attribute of the Dou Qi he had recognised the figure to be Jia Lie Ao"s father Jia Lie Bi.
Xiao Yan watched the wind blades that were shooting towards him with a calm face. When they were five meters from his head Xiao Yan violently struck his palm in the direction of the ground. A shapeless burst of air was released and upon coming into contact with the ground pushed Xiao Yan"s body into the air. He somersaulted in the air and landed on an empty piece of land dozens of meters away.
The wind blades missed. With a "clang" many deep scars were left on the hard rock surface of the ground.
"Father kill him!" Seeing the figure who swooped down Jia Lie Ao"s face was filled with unrestrained happiness as he viciously cried.
Landing on the ground Jia Lie Bi darkly glimpsed at Jia Lie Ao"s hand. His face slightly tensed and a cold killing intent appeared in his eyes. Without replying he pushed off from the ground and once again frenziedly rushed at Xiao Yan. "Let me see just how great this genius of the Xiao Clan really is."
Only a short time had passed from the appearance of Jia Lie Bi to the hurried retreat of Xiao Yan. The crowd recognized Jia Lie Bi and began to boo; a Da Dou Shi had launched a sneak attack at a Dou Zhe!
"Wow Jia Lie you old dog. You big watermelon. You actually have the face to attack?" Xiao Yan scolded. Seeing how Jia Lie Bi ignored the difference in their status and once again rushed towards him Xiao Yan"s face finally started to ashen.
"Brat! After breaking my son"s arm you can forget about leaving in one piece." Jia Lie Bi stepped off the ground. Like the wind he bizarrely appeared above Xiao Yan. A sinister expression flashed across his face. His fist fiercely tightened and a turbulent green Dou Qi quickly gathered into a huge swirl.
"Crap. You are even using a Xuan Level Dou Technique? You old dog. You have brought shame on the entire Jia Lie clan!" Feeling the ferocious strength that was gathered on Jia Lie Bi"s fist Xiao Yan"s face turned very ugly. Secretly he began pulling the black ring on his finger.
A short distance away Xun Er"s face changed upon seeing the danger Xiao Yan was in. Slowly taking a breath a golden flame appeared in her clear eyes. In the blink of an eye the pale golden Dou Qi was beginning to emit an aggressive energy.
Just as Xiao Yan was preparing to save himself and Xun Er was preparing to rescue him a sudden loud yell filled with anger blasted across the street. "F*** you old dog. Since when has it become your turn to teach my son?"
When the cry died down a flame covered figure sped over from beyond the marketplace. Stomping his feet violently he was propelled with lightning speed towards the front of Xiao Yan and raised his head to roar like a lion
"Furious Lion"s Rage!"
Looking awe-inspiring Xiao Zhan tightened his iron fist and punched viciously at Jia Lie Bi above him. A huge red coloured lion head flashed on his fist.
"Boom!"
The green and red Qi made contact and exploded like a thunder causing the ears of most of the people on the street to ring.
In mid-air the two men engaging in combat shaked and hurriedly stepped back. As he was retreating Xiao Zhan grabbed Xiao Yan with him.
The two men stepped on the ground hurriedly as they retreated with each footstep leaving a visible footprint on the ground. From this it was obvious just how strong both parties were.
Dissipating his Q!i Xiao Zhan coldly stared at Jia Lie Bi just a short distance away. He coldly laughed: "Jia Lie Bi. You have really lived like a dog. To have the face to attack the younger generation..."
Jia Lie Bi"s face was dark. His mouth slightly twitched as he pointed towards Jia Lie Ao who was lying on the ground. In a cold voice he said: "He has hurt my son to such an extent. Xiao Zhan you will give me an explanation!"
"Explanation? What explanation? If my son had not reacted fast enough the one lying on the ground would have been him. If that had happened would I hold you accountable?" Xiao Zhan sneered as he swiftly and fiercely scolded back.
"This challenge was issued by your son. Everyone present can be a witness. Moreover in a challenge losing one"s legs or arms is very common why are you making such a big fuss over it?" Xiao Zhan ferociousness slowly faded as he said with a smile.
"You..." Jia Lie Bi"s face twitched in anxiety. He scanned the laughing gazes around him and knew that he had lost the opportunity to hurt Xiao Yan. Clenching his teeth angrily he said: "Don"t give me any opportunity otherwise..."
"I will return the same sentence to you." Xiao Zhan"s eyes flashed with a vicious glint as he smiled.
"Good good. Let"s wait and see!" Jia Lie Bi nodded his head and smiled furiously. He went over to lift the groaning Jia Lie Ao turned around and left. As he passed Liu Xi and noticed the latter"s shocked and speechless manner the anger in him rose once again. Taking a deep breath he suppressed his anger and said: "Mister Liu Xi let"s go."
"Eh? That lady..." Liu Xi unwillingly gazed at Xun Er nearby.
With his eyes twitching Jia Lie Bi was ready to kill there and then this idiot whose mind was filled with nothing but women. He tightened his fist. After a moment he forced himself to put on an awful smile: "Regarding this matter we shall discuss it further after returning home."
"Ah alright." Seeing the pain on Jia Lie Bi"s face Liu Xi could only unwillingly nod his head. His gaze once again obscenely swept across Xun Er"s before reluctantly leaving the marketplace with Jia Lie Bi.
Looking at the shameful looking Jia Lie Bi and group out of the city with his eyes Xiao Zhan let out a cold laugh. His gaze swept across his surroundings before turning around and facing Xiao Yan who had a trickle of blood on the corner of his mouth. His gaze was gentle as he heavily patted the latter"s shoulders. Sucking his lips he regretfully said: "Your attacks are not vicious enough. Jia Lie Bi has only one son and today if you had castrated him Jia Lie Bi would have gone crazy. If that had happened the three elders who are hiding outside would have had the excuse to kill him. Ze ze what a wasted opportunity."
Hearing this Xiao Yan was stunned. He could not help but roll his eyes. On the other hand Xun Er and Xiao Yu"s faces turned red at the dirty words as they stood on one side.
Listening to Xiao Zhan"s words the surrounding mercenaries felt their heads grow numb. No wonder the son was so vicious his father was even more ruthless!
Chapter 89:Dark and Windy Night
The silver moon hung high in the sky emitting a faint moonlight that covered the ground in a silvery layer that gave it a mysterious look.
After the disturbance in the day Wu Tan City had become dark and quiet in the night. From within the houses on some streets there was only the occasional sound of nightly activities
In a room in the backyard of the Xiao clan"s home a young man was lying on the bed. His eyes as dark as the night sky were filled with a cold quietness.
"Teacher what is your strength in your current state?" After a long quietness Xiao Yan abruptly asked in a soft voice.
"Why?" The black ring that he wore emitted a random response. A moment later Yao Lao vaguely said: "Although I am currently in my soul form I should have no problem handling some small flies like Da Dou Shis or Dou Lings with my heavenly flame."
Hearing this a slight happiness appeared on Xiao Yan"s face. His eyes however still carried a coldness.
"You wish to kill the boy from the afternoon?" Seeing Xiao Yan"s behaviour Yao Lao asked with surprise.
"Jia Lie Ao isn"t deserving of such effort." Xiao Yan smiled and whispered. "Two months is fast approaching and I am losing my patience to drag out the competition with the Jia Lie clan. Thus I am hoping to secretly kill the alchemist called Liu Xi. Once he dies the Jia Lie clan without any healing medicine will lose their remaining market share. Once that happens even if their clan can continue surviving their strength would have greatly declined and will no longer be able to threaten the Xiao clan."
"Oh. Have you really lost your patience? Seeing your character you don"t appear to be an impulsive person." After a brief silence Yao Lao"s joking voice escaped from the ring. "It seems that you care a lot for the girl called Xun Er. All that guy did was to act a little dirty yet you bear such a deep grudge. What a jealous child."
Hearing this Xiao Yan"s face warmed. The shame of having his thoughts so easily revealed arose his anger. "From the start I did not have much time. How can I continue to play with them. Even if I had not met that guy today I would have started using some tricks."
"Alright alright. It has nothing to do with the girl..." Watching Xiao Yan"s manner Yao Lao laughed loudly. The mocking tone in his laugher caused Xiao Yan to roll his eyes helplessly.
"Since you wish to take action let"s get going. I am just a soul so I"ll need to borrow your hands." Yao Lao ceased his laughter and said.
Hurriedly nodding his head Xiao Yan quickly jumped off his bed. He took out a red storage ring from his breast pocket and retrieved a large black cloak which he had prepared beforehand. He pulled it over his body in a practiced manner and the thin body of the young man was transformed into a bloated mysterious black-cloaked man.
"Let"s go. You need not do anything. Just let me control your body. With my spirit encompassing you you need not worry about anyone recognising you from your scent." Seeing the well-prepared Xiao Yan Yao Lao gave a smiling reminder.
"Ah." Nodding his head Xiao Yan easily reached the side of the window and scanned his surroundings like a thief. Only then did he jump out and his body quickly descended. Following which a mysterious strong strength was emitted from the ring on his finger.
The mysterious strength quickly encompassed Xiao Yan"s entire body. Immediately the rapidly falling figure suddenly floated in midair. Stepping lightly off a roof his black figure was like an eagle silently speeding out of the Xiao clan"s home and disappearing into the dark night.
The dark and windy night presented a good opportunity to kill.
......
Jia Lie clan.
"Mister Liu is really able to refine other medicine?" In the well-lit hall the originally anxious Jia Lie Bi was initially stunned upon hearing Liu Xi"s pleased announcement before asking happily.
Extremely satisfied with Jia Lie Bi"s surprised manner Liu Xi lifted the tea cup beside him and took a sip. The expression on his face was very proud. "Besides healing medicine I am able to refine something that"s very suited for the mercenaries" use. The drug"s called "Explosive Strength Pill". It can raise the strength of the user by ten percent for a short period of time."
Hearing this the happiness on Jia Lie Bi"s face grew . If a drug with such effect could be refined he could use it as an advertisement to attract quite a lot of people. He might even be able to once again suppress the Xiao clan.
"Unfortunately this "Explosive Strength Pill" cannot be refined in bulk like the healing medicine. With my current ability I am afraid I can only refine twenty pills a day." Liu Xi said in a regretful voice.
"Haha twenty pills it is. We can create something like an auction where the highest bidder will get it. In any case the healing medicine is the main aim. We are only using this to raise our popularity." Jia Lie Bi waved his hand and said with a smile.
"Hey. Clan Leader Jia Lie I am indeed able to make this "Explosive Strength Pill" but according to our agreement I am only responsible for making the healing medicine." Seeing how the "Explosive Strength Pill" had attracted Jia Lie Bi a thought struck Liu Xi and he abruptly spoke.
Jia Lie Bi"s face suddenly changed. The crafty man knew what the guy was planning. However at this stage all he could do was to laugh dryly and ask: "What is Mister Liu Xi"s meaning?"
"Haha relax. I know what kind of situation the Jia Lie clan is in right now so I won"t ask for much." Watching a relaxed Jia Lie Bi a sinister smile flashed across Liu Xi"s eyes. "All I want is Clan Leader Jia Lie to help me get hold of the lady called Xun Er."
Before a smile could appear Jia Lie Bi"s face stiffened. The corner of his eye twitched. He had not expected that this guy who was strongly driven by sexual urges would actually directly target the Xiao clan.
"Mister Liu Xi if our Jia Lie clan touched a member of the Xiao clan Xiao Zhan would have the excuse to openly attack us. By then it would not be just a business confrontation but actual violence..." Sighing Jia Lie Bi smiled bitterly
Tapping his finger on the table Liu Xi quietly said: "This is not a matter for me to consider. I don"t care if Clan Leader plans to forcefully snatch or stealthily drug her. All I care about is the result. As long as you can bring her to me I will begin to refine the "Explosive Strength Pill"."
The corner of Jia Lie Bi"s eye twitched. Despite his anger surging he could only forcefully laugh: "Can you give me time to think? May I give you an answer tomorrow?"
"Hee Hee. It"s just as well. Clan Leader you may think it over. Before I leave I would like to add something. The Jia Lie clan and the Xiao clan have already become irreconcilable enemies so why do you need to worry about adding another grudge into the mix?" Laughing perversely Liu Xi stood up patted his backside and swaggered out of the hall. With hurried footsteps he headed towards his room in the backyard. The lotus-like extraordinary young lady from the day had ignited the lust in him. All he wanted to do now was to find a young and beautiful servant girl to relieve his lust.
Gazing at Liu Xi who disappeared into a corner Jia Lie Bi turned even more gloomy. It was only after a long time that he exhaled a long breath and thickly said: "This bastard whose head is full of women would sooner or later die at the hands of one."
......
In a room at the backyard Xiao Yan helplessly watched the knocked-out beautiful lady lying on the bed. Her body was covered only by a thin robe exposing much of her naked body.
"That guy"s back." Yao Lao whispered from within the ring causing Xiao Yan to quickly squeeze into a hidden corner. Through a small gap his eyes managed to observe everything in the room.
"Creak..." The wooden door was slowly pushed open. Liu Xi discernable laughter instantly came from within the room. "Ha ha. Precious I am here. Prepare to be ruined tonight."
"What a sperm-filled head idiot. Yao Lao prepare to strike." Xiao Yan said in his heart as he coldly smiled and shook his head.
"Alright... wait there"s a change!" Yao Lao shouted a warning just as he was about to agree resulting in Xiao Yan"s heart tightening.
His forehead was full of perspiration after being frightened by Yao Lao"s warning yell Xiao Yan stayed where he was not daring to move.
"On your left!" Within his heart Yao Lao"s voice once again emerged.
Listening to the warning Xiao Yan slowly turned his head. His gaze shifted to the window on his left and his eyes suddenly contracted.
......
The originally closely-shut window had already been unknowingly opened allowing the pale moonlight to scatter into the room. In the blink of an eye the emptiness in the window and its surroundings was strangely replaced by a young lady in a golden dress. Below the golden dress was a pair of jade-like round and white small feet which drew an attractive arc in midair.
Moonlight spilled into the room shining on the exquisite face of the young lady. It was just like a goddess under the moonlight beautiful yet mysterious.
Gazing at the sudden appearance of the young lady Xiao Yan felt his throat becoming dry. His heart softly moaned a name.
"Xun... Xun Er?"
Chapter 90:Arranging Everything
After staring at the young lady who had appeared beside the window like a ghost Xiao Yan whispered in surprise "What is she doing here?"
"He he. From the looks of things it seems that she has the same intentions as you." Yao Lao softly said with a smile.
Frowning slightly Xiao Yan hid his entire body within the shadows. He immediately but with some hesitation asked in his heart again: "Xun Er"s strength... why is it so overwhelming? Looking at the speed at which she had appeared it seems comparable to that of a Da Dou Shi."
"Her real strength is indeed what you usually see. For now she is clearly using a secret technique that enables her to temporarily raise her strength for a period of time. Considering her background being in possession of such a mystical secret technique is not something surprising." Yao Lao indifferently said.
Hearing this Xiao Yan was slightly shocked and bitterly laughed in amazement. Once again his inner curiosity about Xun Er"s mysterious background led him to sigh helplessly. Shaking his head he stopped thinking. His gaze passed through the curtain on the opposite side and watched the strangeness unfold.
Within the room the sudden ghost like appearance of Xun Er had yet to catch Liu Xi"s attention. For the moment he was entirely overcome by lust and had his pair of eyes staring at the beautiful woman on the bed. His hands were tugging at his clothes in a mad rush.
At some point Liu Xi"s hand which was tugging at his clothes froze. As a six star Dou Zhe he had finally felt that there was something amiss. After a brief hesitation he slowly turned his neck and his gaze shot to the widely opened window.
On top of the window was a young lady in a golden dress lazily leaning on the window frame. A pair of eyes which were filled with a golden colored flame were indifferently watching the partially dressed man in the room. Floating above her white hand was a golden flame that was orbiting in an active and bewitching manner much like a spirit.
Liu Xi foolishly stared at the young lady who was bathed under the moonlight. He slowly shifted his gaze until it landed on her indifferent and exquisite small face. Within his eyes a tipsy feeling emerged. Despite the wrong atmosphere Liu Xi could not help but become slightly dazed in the face of the perfect face and extraordinary disposition.
After being in a daze however Liu Xi abruptly turned around. Slamming his feet on the ground his body crazily shot towards the main entrance like a released arrow. In this strange atmosphere and with a cold feeling of being near death he knew that the young lady"s sudden appearance was not a good sign.
The room might have been spacious but with Liu Xi"s speed he only needed a short few seconds to move from the bed to the front door. Seeing that the wooden door was within reach happiness flashed across Liu Xi"s eyes. Once he exited the room he would be able to loudly call out for help. Once Jia Lie Bi heard his distress calls he would immediately come over to rescue him.
Unfortunately just as he was about to touch the wooden door he felt a sudden pain in his legs. His body which was running at extreme speed tilted and slammed against the floor and Liu Xi coughed out a few of his broken teeth along with accompanying blood.
Lowering his head in terror he saw that two fist sized bloodied holes had unknowingly appeared on both of his legs. The edge of the bloodied hole was entirely black while emitting a faint charred smell.
"Somebody! There"s someone who wants to murder me!"
The intense pain from his legs nearly caused Liu Xi to faint. However he clenched his teeth and withstood it. Then he opened his mouth and screamed as loud as possible.
"You can stop shouting. The room is surrounded by my aura. No one can hear you." The young lady leaning on the window edge said indifferently. A golden flame blade formed on the tip of her finger as she lifted it. It seemed like the injury on Liu Xi"s legs was caused by this flame blade.
"You... What do you intend to do? What do you want? Money? Medicine? I can give you anything as long as you let me go." Watching the young lady with utter terror Liu Xi"s face was utterly white. In the face of death his lust was finally suppressed.
Glancing impassively at the crippled Liu Xi squirming on the ground the young lady lightly jumped from the window. With slow continuous steps she walked toward Liu Xi.
Watching the Xun Er who had lightly jumped from the window Xiao Yan realised that her hair which usually ended at her waist had lengthened and extended down to her bottom. Apparently this was another effect of the secret method.
In the spacious room the young lady wearing the elegant golden dress continued to head toward Liu Xi who was groaning on the ground. When she was in front of him she halted her footsteps lowered her head and gave a sudden light smile. The instantaneous smile caused Liu Xi"s heart to violently jump.
"Didn"t you wish to capture me?" Xun Er"s light voice was filled with coldness as she lowered herself.
Liu Xi swallowed his saliva. His face was filled with cold sweat that originated from his fear.
"I actually dislike killing..." Seeing Liu Xi"s terror stricken face Xun Er suddenly sighed.
Hearing this a faint hope appeared in Liu Xi"s eyes. Before he could beg for mercy however the sudden coldness that appeared on the young lady"s face sent him to an even greater despair.
"I don"t mind a little pointless gaze. But why did you insult him? What right do you have to insult him? He might not take to heart what trash like you said but I cannot allow it. Really cannot!" As the young lady"s voice abruptly turned cold the golden flame blade above her finger was suddenly and violently released. It transformed into golden lightning and penetrated Liu Xi"s chest. Instantly a bloodied hole appeared.
Having received a fatal blow Liu Xi"s body suddenly contracted. His white face slowly went dark while his slightly protruding eyeballs looked frightening.
After indifferently glancing at the lifeless corpse Xun Er stood up and lightly sighed. The cold small face exhibited a helplessness as she quietly whispered: "If I were not worried of Xiao Yan Ge-ge blaming me for being a busybody the Jia Lie Clan would have long vanished from Wu Tang City. All these troublesome matters would not have appeared if that happened..."
Shaking her head Xun Er"s gaze randomly swept the room before turning her body. When she appeared again she was already by the window. With a light leap she disappeared into the night.
"Ze ze to think that this girl who seemed to be so gentle and soft is actually decisive when it comes to killing people. Hehe it seems you have found something precious." Yao Lao"s joking voice sounded from Xiao Yan"s heart not long after Xun Er left.
Bitterly smiling as he shook his head Xiao Yan sighed once more. "It seems that I have made a futile trip tonight."
"Heh heh. That"s hard to say. Although that girl was merciless in her attack she"s too young and lacks experience." Yao Lao spoke with a smile.
Hearing this the stunned Xiao Yan immediately asked "What do you mean?"
"Just watch..." Yao Lao smiled mysteriously before becoming quiet.
Seeing Yao Lao"s manner Xiao Yan could only shake his head and continue hiding himself in the dark. His gaze observed everything in the room.
The dark room with the exception of the servant girl"s breathing was utterly quiet.
Xiao Yan waited quietly for over ten minutes. Just as he was beginning to frown the eyes of the haphazardly fallen corpse of Liu Xi moved.
Beside the door the hands of the originally lifeless Liu Xi had began to moved slightly. A moment later the closed eyes slowly opened while the grayness on his face had also disappeared.
"Si..." Looking at the bloodied hole on his chest Liu Xi took in a light cold breath. His eyes were filled with hatred. "Damn girl. Had I not stolen some "Turtle Breath Pill" from teacher when I left I would have really perished here."
Reaching out his hand with great difficulty Liu Xi extracted a jade bottle from his breast pocket. He carefully poured some of the white powder on his wound before taking out a pale green pill and swallowed it without hesitation. After completing these simple action Liu Xi"s face once again turned pale.
"It will likely take at least half a year to recover from this serious injury. Tomorrow I will ask the Jia Lie Clan to send me back and invite my teacher over. With teacher"s help the Xiao Clan will not have any good days left. At that time I will torture that woman until she dies." Liu Xi sinisterly clenched his teeth. His face was filled with wickedness.
"Sorry to interrupt but you may not have the chance to return..." As Liu Xi was imagining how he would proceed a bland voice with a hint of laughter suddenly erupted from within the room.
The sudden voice caused Liu Xi to freeze. His face changed as he turned around with great difficulty.
A figure that was entirely covered in a black cloak slowly emerged from the shadows.
"What a careless girl. In the end I am still required to put an end to it all." A young man"s voice escaped from under the black cloak. His palm was lightly stretched out and a white Heavenly flame slowly emerged.
"A heavenly flame?" Seeing this strange white flame Liu Xi"s eyes narrowed and he involuntarily cried out in horror.
"Congratulations you are correct. Here"s your reward."
With a smile the black cloaked man waved his hand. The gloomy white flame instantly left his hand. With lightning speed it covered Liu Xi burning him into a pile of ashes in the blink of an eye; Liu Xi did not even have the time to scream.
From that moment forth the alchemist known as Liu Xi vanished from the continent.
Coldly clapping his hands the black cloaked man waved his hands once more. A wind swept away the ashes on the ground leaving a clean floor. Then he leisurely lept from the window soared into the air and sped off.
Without alerting anyone the black cloaked man quickly left the Jia Lie Clan"s home. His feet lightly touched the roof of a house and just as he leaped for a couple dozens of meters he suddenly paused. Helplessly sighing he gradually lifted his head.
On the edge of a tower to the side was a young lady in a golden dress who was randomly swinging her round snow-white feet. With limpid eyes that contained a golden flame she was lazily staring at the black cloaked man on the roof.
"Who are you?"
The young lady"s finger gently touched the black hair that was lifted by the night breeze as she lifted her delicate chin. Her agile voice reverberated through the small space around them.
Chapter 91: A meeting in the night
"Just who are you?"
Hearing this young girl"s calm voice the black-clothed person shrugged his shoulders helplessly. After a short bit of silence an aged voice slowly rang out "I believe you"ve seen me at the Xiao Clan"s home?"
Lightly shaking her snow white legs Xun Er"s glance roamed around. She offhandedly asked in a soft voice: "Why did you go to the Jia Lie clan?"
"I was entrusted by someone to settle some trouble."
"Entrusted by someone?" Xun Er hurriedly asked narrowing her eyes.
"Uh this is something I cannot disclose." Yao Lao waved his hands and said.
"But I want to know." With a faint smile on her exquisite face Xun Er leaped forward. Her body seemed to float in midair. On her finger a spiraling pale golden flame with a pointed edge was quickly being formed.
"Heh heh little girl I know that you are very strong now but that is not enough to stop this old man." Yao Lao said with a smile.
Xun Er knit her eyebrows but she did not speak. She raised her finger causing several more spiraling golden flame blades to continue appearing.
Seeing that Xun Er was refusing to give up the two men in the black cloak had a headache. Sighing once again Yao Lao helplessly said "I don"t wish to fight with you. If I hurt you accidentally that guy would be heartbroken."
"Alright alright. I"m afraid of you. Today there was someone stupid who took advantage of a girl who was held in high regards by another man. This other man happens to know me so I was requested to perform some task. Oh do you think it is easy for an old man like me to run all over the place in the middle of the night?"
Xun Er"s long eyelashes lightly blinked her exquisite face gradually became flushed. She flipped her hand and the flame blades slowly disappeared. Gazing at the black cloaked man she said with a wide smile "As expected. Old sir and Xiao Yan ge-ge have a relationship."
"Heh what a quick change in the manner you address me." Yao Lao said with a smile. "I"m afraid that you have already guessed my relationship with Xiao Yan a long time ago."
"In the past it was only a guess that I couldn"t be certain of." Xun Er shook her head with a smile. She bowed to Yao Lao while still in midair and said: "Although I am unaware of the old sir"s background I believe that you have something to do with Xiao Yan ge-ge being able to be rid of his weakened self from a year ago."
Yao Lao faintly laughed neither denying nor confirming her conjunction.
With her beautiful eyes staring at the black cloaked man Xun Er smiled sweetly and whispered "Regardless of what was the original motive old sir had in approaching Xiao Yan ge-ge I hope that you do not have any other intentions towards him. Xun Er will look at anyone who poses a threat to Xiao Yan ge-ge with enmity. Old sir may be very strong but believe me I have the ability to say such things."
"Tsk tsk. What a strong girl." Hearing Xun Er"s slightly threatening words Yao Lao was stunned as he commented.
"My only wish is that Xiao Yan ge-ge not be deceived and hurt by others." With a slight smile Xun Er once again bowed to Yao Lao and said "It"s already late. I need to return home. I hope that you will not tell Xiao Yan ge-ge what you have witnessed tonight."
"Rest assured. I will not mention a single word." Yao Lao nodded his head. Within him he jokingly added "Because he has already witnessed everything himself."
Hearing Yao Lao reply Xun Er smiled. Just as she turned her body a green shadow suddenly appeared. After being momentarily stunned Xun Er"s small hand reached out and drew it into her palms.
Xun Er was startled as she stared at the jade bottle. She shifted her gaze toward the black cloaked man
"Having used a secret technique you will likely be weak for the next few days. This bottle contains "Energy Replenishment Powder". Keep it and recover quickly. Otherwise someone will feel hurt seeing your sickly appearance." Yao Lao said indifferently.
Hearing this Xun Er"s small face turned red. Carrying the jade bottle in her hands she nodded gratefully at the black cloaked man before lightly pressing her feet in the air. Her body quickly shot into the darkness and disappeared from sight.
Standing on the rooftop and watching the disappearing figure Yao Lao suddenly took in a deep breath and muttered "Back then when you stealthily entered the girl"s room and strangely came up with some useless idea of warming blood vessels you had accidentally got hold of the girl"s heart. Oh come to think of it you"re luck is something that others would be jealous of."
Under the black cloaked Xiao Yan rubbed his nose. He knew very well that had it not been for the incident in their childhood the grown up Xun Er would have treated him with the same attitude that she gave others.
Of course these hypothetical thoughts held no water in front of reality. Heh heh he had silently entered the heart of a girl at her most fragile moment and unintentionally left a memory which consisted only of him within her heart.
Laughing a little pridefully Xiao Yan cupped his hands behind his head and allowed Yao Lao to control his body. His body quickly shot toward the Xiao clan"s home.
Once he reached the Xiao clan"s home Xiao Yan carefully avoided the courtyard where Xun Er"s room was to not alert her about his presence. He landed in the courtyard near his room and rushed into his room gently closing the door behind him as he did so.
In his room Xiao Yan hurriedly removed the black cloak and stored it within the storage ring. Only then did he heave a sigh of relief. He weakly lay on his bed and lazily mumbled to himself "Oh what a beautiful night."
......
In the early morning of the next day at the Jia Lie clan"s home.
Jia Lie Bi"s current expression was gloomy and frightening. Threads of cold aura were emitted from his body terrifying the kneeling beautiful female servant who was trembling in fear.
Sweeping his cold gaze across the room where Liu Xi had resided Jia Lie Bi"s said crisply: "You said that Liu Xi had disappeared?"
"Yes clan leader. Yesterday this lowly servant suddenly fainted without reason and only woke up the next morning. Master Liu Xi was already missing by then. This lowly servant had asked the guards outside but they have not seen Master Liu Xi either." The female servant cautiously said while trembling in fear.
"From the time he returned to his room yesterday night I have not detected him leaving. Moreover there are Dou Si level guards posted at the two entrances into the Jia Lie clan"s home. With Liu Xi"s ability he would not be able to leave the place without anyone noticing."
"This girl doesn"t know either." The servant girl"s face was ashened. She was afraid that Jia Lie Bi would put the blame on her.
Jia Lie Bi felt the corner of his eyes twitch. His feelings were in a mess as he took in a deep breath and ignored the quivering female servant. Slowly he walked to every corner of the room.
Seeing Jia Lie Bi"s action the servant girl dared not speak. Her kneeling body did not even dare move an inch.
As he was walking through the quiet room Jia Lie Bi suddenly came to a stop at one corner. His eyes stared at the small pile of ashes at the corner of the room.
With his heart beating wildly Jia Lie Bi bent down. He used his finger to extract some of the powder and sniffed it under his nose. Instantly the cold expression turned into fear.
Jia Lie Bi let out a deep breath. He suddenly felt that his legs were a little numb. A cold feeling was slowly but uncontrollably coming up from deep within his heart.
"Liu Xi... was actually murdered under my watch?"
Chapter 92: Rob
By the time Xiao Yan woke up from his sleep the sky was already very bright. Warm sunlight entered through the gaps in the window leaving spots of light on the ground.
Getting up Xiao Yan"s sleepy gaze was hazy as he sat on the bed and stared blankly for a long while before finally getting rid of his desire to continue sleeping. Shaking his waking head he lazily got out of bed and randomly washed his face.
Just as his washing was done a faint knock vibrated from the door. This was coupled with a young lady"s soft and gentle voice: "Xiao Yan ge-ge have you not woken up?"
Hearing this voice Xiao Yan"s eyebrows twitched. He quickly wiped off the moisture on his face and walked to the door. The door screeched as he slowly pulled it open.
After opening the door a blinding light suddenly shot into the room causing Xiao Yan to habitually close his eyes. A while later he slowly opened his eyes and shifted his gaze to the lady in green who was standing quietly by the doorway.
Today Xun Er was once again wearing green. Her appropriate clothes matched her lotus-like refinement prompting the young man in the room to let out some praise in his heart.
After randomly scanning Xun Er"s delicate and slim body his gaze finally landed on the slightly pale exquisite small face. His eyebrows could not help but form a frown. "What happened?"
With charming big eyes focused on Xiao Yan"s expression and finding nothing but accusation. Xun Er immediately replied with a smile "I"m not feeling well. It"s no big deal."
"Not feeling well?" Xiao Yan"s eyebrows twitched as he walked out of the room. After closing the door his palm suddenly grabbed Xun Er"s small hand. A weak and warm Dou Qi under the control of his spiritual perception slowly circulated in Xun Er"s body.
A moment later Xiao Yan expressionlessly retrieved his Dou Qi and sighed in his heart. It seems that the secret technique Xun Er had used last night was extremely exhausting. In her body right now only a little weak Dou Qi was flowing. Clearly this was the aftermath of using the secret technique.
During the early morning there were many clan members who had woken up to practice. This group was filled with envy upon seeing Xiao Yan holding Xun Er"s hands while standing by the doorway.
"Xiao Yan ge-ge." A red faced Xun Er lightly whispered as she struggled to free her hands.
"I have no idea what you have done. How can you become so weak?" Putting down Xun Er"s small hand Xiao Yan stiffened his face and softly said.
After those intelligent big eyes scanned Xiao Yan"s face and once again found nothing Xun Er secretly heaved a sigh of relief and smiled "Yesterday I had tried to train a Dou technique that surpassed my level and this is the result. I"ll be fine after a few days of rest. Xiao Yan ge-ge need not worry."
Rolling his eyes Xiao Yan could only shake his head helplessly as he accompanied Xun Er to breakfast. After that he found an excuse and secretly left the clan.
......
Xiao Yan walked aimlessly in Wu Tan City and casually inquired about news on the Jia Lie clan. Liu Xi"s disappearance would definitely cause some sensation within the Jia Lie clan. Contrary to his expectations however he could not discover any abnormality in the Jia Lie clan. The marketplaces had continued to operate and the healing medicine continued to be sold. There was nothing different.
"Heh. No wonder this Jia Lie Bi is a clan leader. He could actually suppress this news. Still he might be able to suppress this for a day but he can"t do it forever. Once the remaining healing medicine is sold out I want to see what he can do." Xiao Yan laughed coldly for a while before heading to the Primer Auction House at the center of the city.
In a remote area outside the auction house Xiao Yan put on a black cloak just like he always did and entered the busy auction house.
Upon entering the auction house Xiao Yan was courteously led into the VIP room by a beautiful female waiter. He waited for a moment before the graceful looking Ya Fei appeared with a smile in front of Xiao Yan.
"Haha an important guest. Xiao Yan Di-di what brings you to the auction house?" Lifting a tea pot she personally bent her body and poured a cup of tea for Xiao Yan as she spoke.
Whether it was intentional or otherwise the attractive snow white skin on on Yan Fei"s chest appeared and disappeared as she bent her body to pour tea. It caused one"s eyes to be fixated on it.
"Ke..." Xiao Yan"s gaze was almost lost in the magnificent view but he used his fairly strong willpower and managed to shift his gaze away with a dry cough. His gaze did not leave his cup of tea as he pulled out a dark red storage ring from his breast pocket and extracted five small jade bottles from it. In an indifferent voice he said: "Today I am here to fulfill our agreement." As Ya Fei already knew about his identity Xiao Yan no longer let Yao Lao speak for him and simply used his young voice.
Ya Fei"s gaze never left the small jade bottles upon their appearance. Happiness appeared on her enchanting face.
Ya Fei elegantly sat on the chair beside Xiao Yan. She carefully picked up one of the jade bottles and weighed it with equal care. After which she slightly opened the bottle. A green coloured round pill naughtily rolled out from the bottle.
Taking a deep breath of the medicinal smell that assailed her nostrils Ya Fei"s beautiful eyes constricted. A while later Ya Fei finally attentively returned the pill to the bottle. She threw an enchanting and beautiful smile at Xiao Yan who was beside her. "It seems that Xiao Yan Di-di is prepared to take action against the Jia Lie clan. Otherwise why would you come over to prematurally complete our deal?"
Hearing this he shrugged his shoulders neither denying nor acknowledging it. He took out another scroll which contained the names of some medicinal ingredients. These medicinal ingredients had the ability to recover one"s strength. Naturally this was prepared for Xun Er. Seeing her weak and pale face Xiao Yan felt his heart ache.
Receiving the scroll from Xiao Yan Ya Fei who had a number of such experiences knew Xiao Yan"s meaning. Without any unnecessary words she proceeded to call a female waiter and got her to quickly prepare what was on the list.
Sitting in the quiet VIP room Xiao Yan who had been silent suddenly said "It appears that the Jia Lie clan has gone to other cities in search for a new source for medicinal ingredients."
"Em the Jia Lie clan is now working with a medicinal supplier in Te Lan City However the price of the medicinal ingredients they purchased from there is four times more expensive than it is in Wu Tan City." Ya Fei nodded and agreed with a smile.
"To think that they are willing." Mockingly shaking his head Xiao Yan continued with a smile. "Can you provide me with some information on the transportation of these medicines?"
Hearing this Ya Fei"s hand which was holding a tea cup trembled. Her beautiful eyes stared at the young man beside her with astonishment and said "What do you plan to do?"
"Rob."
After a bitter smile Ya Fei once again sighed: "The Jia Lie clan was really unlucky to meet a little fiend like you."
Shaking her head Ya Fei became quiet. She finally stood up and went to the room behind her. After some time she finally came out with a scroll and handed it to Xiao Yan. She quietly whispered "I have received some information from the auction house in Te Lan City. Two days ago the Jia Lie clan had once again purchased four hundred thousand gold coins worth of medicinal ingredients. This batch of medicinal ingredients should reach Wu Tan City by this afternoon."
"The Jia Lie clan has only paid one hundred thousand gold coins as deposit for this batch of medicinal ingredients. The remaining three hundred thousand gold coins is on credit. Protecting the medicinal ingredients are the warriors of the Jia Lie clan three Dou Shi"s and a Da Dou Shi. There are also another few dozen guards with at least the strength of a Dou Zhe.
"Four hundred thousand? What a large amount." Xiao Yan said with a smile as he deposited the scroll into the storage ring. His laughter slowly became colder. "If this batch of medicinal ingredients disappeared I wonder how they would account to the medicinal supplier. With the current Jia Lie clan being close to bankruptcy this three hundred thousand gold credit would be its final blow."
Lifting his head Xiao Yan watched a female waiter who had just entered. After cupping one hand over the other and thanking Ya Fei he went forward and received the medicinal ingredients before walking out of the hall without a backward glance.
Sitting on the chair and watching the decisive manner in which Xiao Yan left Ya Fei laughed bitterly and shook her head. She gently sighed: "This little boy"s actions do not correspond with his age at all. That old man Jia Lie Bi is likely going to be in deep trouble..."
Chapter 93: Midway Destruction of Medicine
Seven or eight horse drawn carriages slowly trotted down the road under the scorching sun of the noontide heat. In its overbearing heat the guards all around the carts were drenched in a fine mist of sweat and agitated voices drifted out from the carriages.
Part of the escort team was Jia Lie Nu a three star Da Dou Shi and one of the two elders of the Jia Lie Clan was considered one of the strongest within Wu Tan City. With his strength having him personally escort the medicinal ingredients highlighted the importance they held to the clan. However it would seem that Jia Lie Nu had received no news of the disappearance of Liu Xi otherwise the elder would"ve immediately returned the expensive ingredients.
Jia Lie Nu sat crossed leg on one of the horse drawn carriages. Regardless of how much the carriages tossed and shook his body did not move. Having lived in luxury and comfort for some time he was growing impatient after two days of travel.
"It"s all because of that damn Xiao Clan. Sooner or later I will destroy all of you." Jia Lie Nu clenched his teeth and muttered angrily. He then turned his head slightly and observed the neatly-stacked medicinal ingredients through a window behind him. A look of helplessness appeared on his expressionless face.
Although storage rings would certainly make transportation more convenient a low-grade ring only had two or three cubic meters worth of space and in order to fully store all the medicinal ingredients it would have required at least five low-grade storage rings. These rings were rare and expensive and even the entire Jia Lie Clan had two. Thus they could only use the cumbersome method of carriages to transport the ingredients.
Tiredly blinking his eyes Jia Lie Nu who had began napping realised that the carriage at the front had suddenly stopped. Faint angry shouts vibrated through the air.
Furrowing his eyebrows Jia Lie Nu was about to call someone to investigate what happened when a guard of the Jia Lie clan came hurrying from the front. He urgently reported "Elder there is a black-cloaked man blocking our path."
Hearing this Jia Lie Nu"s face darkened. Now that they have entered the territory of Wu Tang City who would dare block them?
With a cold glint appearing in his eyes Jia Lie Nu nodded his head slightly and hopped off the horse carriage. He swiftly progressed in the direction of the convoy and finally saw a black-cloaked man sitting on a huge rock in the middle of the road. Although he could not see the black-cloaked man"s face he could feel the ill intention from the gaze of the black-cloaked man.
"Who are you? Why are you blocking our path?" Jia Lie Nu"s gaze swept across the black-cloaked man before asking in a deep voice.
"You must be members of the Jia Lie Clan no?" An aged voice escaped from below the black cloak.
Jia Lie Nu"s face twitched. With a somber expression he waved his arm. The dozens of guards behind him immediately drew their weapons from their waist and stared inhospitably at the unknown and mysterious black-cloaked man.
"Well it seems that I was right." Looking at the reaction from Jia Lie Nu the black cloaked man simply smiled and leaped from the huge rock before strolling over to the convoy.
Coldly watching the approaching black-cloaked man Jia Lie Nu grabbed a huge bow and arrow from the guard beside him. He pulled at the bowstring and the bow bent like a cord. Upon release the arrow transformed into a ferocious wind and shot towards the black-cloaked man"s throat.
Accompanying the arrow was a frightening whistle of breaking wind. When it was one meter away from the black-cloaked man however a group of white flames appeared suddenly turning the arrow into black ashes as soon as it touched the flame.
Watching the scene before him Jia Lie Nu"s face changed color. An uneasiness began rising from within him. It appeared that the black-cloaked man in front of him was not weaker than a Da Dou Shi.
Slowly releasing his breath Jia Lie Nu grabbed a deep blue long spear from a guard behind him. A faint blue Dou Qi was emitted from his body. Instantly the surrounding air became more humid. Clearly his Qi Method was that of the dark and chilly water element.
Grabbing the long spear Jia Lie Nu stared intently at the black-cloaked man. He adjusted his body slightly before suddenly jumping off the ground. His body turned into a blue light rushing forward and closing in on the black-cloaked man.
In midair Jia Lie Nu maintained a respectful face as the long spear suddenly and violently shook. The Dou Qi on it shone brilliantly. With a vibration of the spear echos followed.
"Overlapping Waves!"
"Overlapping Waves" a Low Xuan Dou Technique was the strongest technique that Jia Lie Nu could fully control. His long period of training had allowed him to master this Dou Technique to perfection. Being released at its full force the strength was such that even a six star Da Dou Shi would not dare to underestimate it.
Following the yell from Jia Lie Nu a huge blue wave comprised of energy emitted from within the shining blue long rod. The huge wave of energy rose up high into the sky before abruptly gashing towards the rooted black-cloaked man
Around the convoy proud cheers erupted upon seeing their elder reveal his god-like strength. Throughout their journey the group had met a couple of robbers but each and everyone of them were all killed under Jia Lie Nu"s spear. In most people"s eyes another victim was about to be added.
The huge blue wave rolled along the horizon. Within it a tiny light suddenly expanded. Like lightning a long spear shot toward the black-cloaked man"s head.
"Die!" Seeing that the target was almost within reach a sinister expression flashed across Jia Lie Nu"s face as he coldly smiled. Energy gushed uncontrollably from the spear in his hand.
Just as the long rod was about to strike his skull cap the black-cloaked man slowly raised his head. The image of a delicate and pretty face was revealed under the sunlight was imprinted upon Jia Lie Nu"s eyes.
"This... is that rascal from the Xiao Clan?"
Recognizing the familiar face Jia Lie Nu"s eyes narrowed and his killing intent grew immediately.
The long spear grew increasingly closer. Just as it was about to make contact however a white flame suddenly flowed from the black-cloaked man"s body. Finally it acted as a fire source and swept towards Jia Lie Nu who was in midair.
The white flame flashed across the horizon and everyone felt a chill on their skin. Immediately the wave spear and person.. disappeared.
On the road the cheers were suddenly halted. The guards of the Jia Lie Clan like a duck with its neck broken widened their mouths and hyperventilated. The arrogance on their faces slowly transformed into fear. When their gaze once again fell on the black-cloaked man the terror within was much like how one would look at a monster.
Scanning the guards indifferently the black-cloaked man slowly extended his hand. A couple of white flames appeared. Jerking his finger the flame shot forward and lightly fell on the carriages under the gazes of everyone.
"Boom!"
With a muffled blast the horse carriages and the medicinal ingredients simultaneously caught fire and turned into ashes in front of everyone"s dull gaze.
Chapter 94: Poor Foresight
"What? All the medicinal ingredients were destroyed by someone?" The furious roar within the large hall nearly caused the roof to collapse.
The trembling guard that knelt in front of Jia Lie Bi had a face filled with horror as he swallowed his own saliva. Quaking in fear he said: "The second elder was also killed by the one who destroyed the medicine."
Jia Lie Bi"s furious face suddenly froze. His face fell and legs felt weak as he collapsed backwards onto the chair behind him. Jia Lie Nu was one of the three Da Dou Shi"s of the Jia Lie clan. His death added to the turmoil that the Jia Lie Clan currently faced.
Seeing Jia Lie Bi"s reaction the face of the guard who delivered the message was also filled with distress. At that moment his mind recalled the frightening strength of the black cloaked man. It was difficult to imagine that the second elder a three star Da Dou Shi would actually be burnt to ashes by the mysterious man. The frightening scene had given those present the true taste of fear.
"Who was the one who killed the second elder?" After a few minutes of silence Jia Lie Bi finally began to gradually recover. His slightly hoarse voice revealed how big a blow Jia Lie Nu"s death was for him.
"I have no idea. Back then the man was wearing a black cloak so no one saw his face. But he could control some kind of white flame which was also the flame the second elder perished under." The guard shook his head and replied softly.
"A black cloak? Controlling a white flame?" After a brief silence Jia Lie Bi"s face changed. Manipulating flames to hurt the enemy was the preference of an alchemist. And the only alchemist who had any enmity with the Jia Lie Clan and possess the strength to easily kill Jia Lie Nu... All of these criteria caused an image of the black cloaked alchemist he had accidentally met at the auction house to flash into his mind.
Recalling the respectful manner Ya Fei and Gu Ni showed towards the black cloaked alchemist Jia Lie Bi suddenly felt a bitterness in his mouth. They were wrong from the beginning. Back then just because of a statement from Liu Xi they had thought the Xiao Clan was simply lucky enough to hire a novice alchemist. However the current situation told them that the alchemist of the Xiao Clan was much stronger than the incompetent Liu Xi.
Jia Lie Bi gently shook his head as malicious fury flashed across his eyes. The four hundred thousand gold coins worth of medicinal ingredients were destroyed and moreover they still owed three hundred thousand gold coins to the medicinal ingredients supplier in Ta Lan City due to cash flow problems.
Jia Lie Bi had originally intended to refine this batch of medicinal ingredients into healing medicine and sell the medicine to repay the loan. With the latest development all of his plans were ruined.
The medicinal supplier that worked with the Jia Lie clan had significant influence and strength in Ta Lan City. Once they knew that the medicinal supplies were destroyed they would definitely send someone to collect their debt. However with the coffers of the Jia Lie clan having been exhausted how were they going to find such a large sum of money? If they failed to raise the money then the Jia Lie Clan"s reputation would be completely destroyed by this event.
"Damn!" Unable to think of a solution Jia Lie Bi slammed his palm angrily intothe table beside him. Immediately the black wooden table was smashed into pieces and a wooden fragment hit the face of a guard standing by the side. The latter simply clenched his teeth and withstood it.
Taking a light breath Jia Lie Bi forcefully suppressed the fury and malicious resentment towards the Xiao Clan in his heart. He shook his hand and purposefully acted calm as he said "Distribute all the remaining healing medicine in the warehouse to all the marketplaces. One more thing. I want everyone to keep quiet about everything that has happened today. If anyone spreads this news they will be punished in accordance with the clan rules."
"Yes." The guard"s body trembled lightly before he respectfully gave a reply. After which he got up and quickly exited the hall.
Staring at the empty large hall Jia Lie Bi tiredly leaned against the chair. This time even if the Jia Lie Clan managed to survive their strength would be greatly diminished. From then on it would be difficult to fight with the Xiao Clan. Thinking of this Jia Lie Bi sighed deeply. For some unknown reason he was beginning to regret having started the conflict with the Xiao Clan back then...
However this regret came a little too late.
......
After settling a few other matters Xiao Yan threw off his disguise and quickly returned to his clan. He requested Yao Lao to refine some Strength Recovering Pills before quickly delivering them to Xun Er. Seeing the girl caress the pills and her slightly red limpid eyes Xiao Yan received a great boost to his confidence.
A few days after Xiao Yan destroyed the medicinal ingredients of the Jia Lie Clan Wu Tan City continued to remain calm on the surface. However the more observant people began to realize that the members of the Jia Lie Clan who had been causing trouble near the Xiao Clan"s marketplace silently disappeared. Their usual arrogance had also diminished. In the face of the Jia Lie Clan"s inexplicable actions some people began to feel a little suspicious.
Xiao Clan"s meeting room-
"What is the Jia Lie Clan trying to do these days? Are they trying to give us the impression of being weak?" After receiving various amounts of information in the past few days Xiao Zhan narrowed his eyebrows as he spoke to the three elders in the hall. His face was filled with suspicion.
Exchanging looks with one another the three elders shook their heads in unison. After a deep hum the first elder slowly spoke "This abnormality may not be that simple. Jia Lie Bi is a cunning man. He may well be carrying out some schemes; it is better to be cautious."
Xiao Zhan nodded his head. Naturally as a prudent person he would not relax in the face of the Jia Lie Clan"s actions.
Shifting his gaze Xiao Zhan helplessly shook his head at Xiao Yan who was almost napping in his chair. . The rascal seemed unable to show any interest in clan matters.
"Yan Er have you met with the esteemed elder recently?" Xiao Zhan randomly asked as he raised his tea cup to his mouth and took a sip.
TL: Er - an intimate form of address. Yan Er refers to Xiao Yan
Hearing Xiao Zhan"s question the three elders also shifted their gaze to Xiao Yan. That esteemed elder"s importance to the Xiao Clan was understood even without saying. However it appeared that only Xiao Yan in the entire Xiao Clan was favored. No other person had the opportunity to meet the esteemed elder alone.
Seeing how Xiao Yan got to enjoy such a privilege everyone was filled with envy.
Lazily raising his eye lids Xiao Yan said with a bored voice "Hmm... I"ve seen him." After a brief silence he continued "He intends to take me as his disciple."
Upon hearing Xiao Yan"s words Xiao Zhan"s hand which had lifted the tea cup froze. He lifted his face which was filled with emotion and stared at the young man who had shrunk into his chair. Swallowing his saliva he asked in disbelief "Did you say that he wants to take you as his disciple?"
Raising his eyelids and watching Xiao Zhan"s face fill with happiness and excitemen while the faces of the three elders grimaced with knitted brows Xiao Yan nodded lazily.
"Good. Good. Good..." With a flushed face Xiao Zhan emptied his tea cup in one go and excitedly stood up. He paced the room and rubbed his hands eagerly. "I knew that my son was not an ordinary person. Dammit whoever dares to call my son "cripple" in the future will be killed personally by me."
Watching Xiao Zhan"s agitated manner Xiao Yan could only helplessly shake his head and say softly "In half a month I will leave to train with teacher. I"m afraid it will be over a year before I return."
"Ha?" Xiao Zhan was stunned. The smile on his face diminished as he raised his eyebrows and hesitatingly asked "Are you not planning to take the entrance examination for the Jia Nan Academy? Jia Nan is a well known top academy across the whole Dou Qi continent. If you can enroll there it would definitely benefit you."
"I will take entrance examination but I may skip for one or two years." Xiao Yan rubbed his nose and smiled indifferently. "Although Jia Nan Academy is great they cannot help me surpass Nalan Yan Ran in less than two years..."
TL: Nalan Yanran - Xiao Yan ex-fiancee; Nalan Su - Nalan Yanran"s father
TL: Xiao Yan master skipper
Xiao Yan smiled as his gaze swept across the entire hall. Back then that arrogant woman had crushed his remaining pride at this very place.
Hearing the name that was taboo to Xiao Yan Xiao Zhan face trembled and he became silent.
Standing up Xiao Yan lazily stretched his arms and cupped the back of his head as he slowly exited the large hall. The young man"s faint laughter floated through in the large hall.
"Since I made a promise back then I must keep my word and meet her. Haha it is not that I wish for her to look at me in a better light it is just that I want to tell her that her foresight is terrible when I finally meet her..."
Chapter 95: The Circumstances of the Jia Lie Clan
As the next few days slowly passed by the amount of healing medicine that the Jia Lie Clan sold in their marketplace at Wu Tan City began to decrease. On the last day when the last bottle of healing medicine was finally sold the Jia Lie Clan members responsible for selling the medicine had little choice but to embarrassingly smile at the mercenaries jostling outside. "I"m very sorry. Due to a shortage of stock our stall will be temporarily closed."
The mercenaries who were squeezing for a better spot outside the stall became silent upon hearing those words. After glaring furiously at the stall workers for a long time they began to start scolding angrily.
As the crowd dispersed some of the less courteous customers verbally abused the medicine sellers.
The news that the Jia Lie clan had ceased the sales of healing medicine spread throughout the entire Wu Tan City in less than an hour. The first reaction of everyone was shock followed by some who gloated at their misfortune some who felt regretful and some who sighed...
Without the support of the healing medicine the Jia Lie Clan in the fight against the Xiao Clan was totally defeated. Following their miserable defeat the Jia Lie Clan was severely weakened and their influence within Wu Tan City was unlikely to ever recover to the high influential level that they had enjoyed in the past.
The Xiao Clan"s home Meeting room.
"The Jia Lie Clan has lost the source of their healing medicine?" Hearing the news that his subordinate had brought him Xiao Zhan was momentarily stunned before abruptly standing up. The happiness on his face was difficult to hide.
In his excitement he exchanged glances with the three elders only to find that their faces were also filled with uncontrolled happiness. Xiao Zhan agitatedly took two steps in the hall. A while later he finally suppressed his happiness and asked the messenger with a smile "What about Liu Xi their Alchemist?"
"I have no idea. Ever since that day when Jia Lie Ao and young master Xiao Yan fought he was never seen again."
Hearing this Xiao Zhan and the three elders were surprised. They shifted their gaze stealthily at Xiao Yan who was sitting in one corner.
"Why are you looking at me? This has nothing to do with me." Seeing the four pairs of eyes looking at him Xiao Yan rolled his eyes and innocently said.
Xiao Zhan helplessly shook his head. In any case he did not believe Xiao Yan"s denial. Nothing to do with him? Then why was it that Liu Xi would vanish after having a conflict with him?
"That"s right. Clan leader a member of the Jia Lie Clan inner circle accidentally leaked out that the Jia Lie Clan"s second elder Jia Lie Nu was killed by a black cloaked man when he was transporting medicinal ingredients." After a brief hesitation the messenger finally said in a low voice.
Xiao Zhan"s strolling legs suddenly froze. He drew his eyelids and nodded before waving his hand to dismiss the messenger. He stared intently at Xiao Yan and said with a wide smile "Yan Er I don"t think that there is anyone in the entire Wu Tan City who has the ability to kill the three star Da Dou Shi Jia Lie Nu other than your teacher."
Xiao Yan rubbed his nose and sighed. He helplessly nodded his head. "Jia Lie Nu is indeed dead."
Hearing the admission from Xiao Yan Xiao Zhan also shook his head and sighed. The Jia Lie Clan which had fought for decades with the Xiao Clan had actually fell into a decline because of a single young man. This feeling... Xiao Zhan bitterly smiled and said "I know that the reason for the esteemed elder to extend his help is because of you. Still if there is time please convey our Xiao Clan"s thanks. We owe him so much."
Xiao Yan shrugged his shoulders and carelessly nodded his head.
"Now let us see how the Jia Lie Clan tries to get out of this mess." Xiao Zhan laughed quietly. The gloating manner in his laughter was hard to hide. In the competition for the healing medicine market the Jia Lie Clan had pulled out after a big loss and this huge loss had severely weakened the Jia Lie Clan while the Xiao Clan benefitted greatly.
In these short two months the Xiao Clan had miraculously pulled themselves from their initial miserable position to win the competition. In addition the two months of profit from the healing medicine was equivalent to their annual income from before. Moreover their influence within Wu Tan City had obviously surpassed both the Jia Lie Clan and the Ao Ba Clan. Even the Primer Auction house had made gestures of goodwill because of Xiao Yan. With the accumulation of these factors the Xiao Clan had the greatest spot in the limelight in the entire Wu Tan City.
Nevertheless a centipede dies but never falls. Although the Jia Lie Clan had received a terrible blow they were still a force that couldn"t be underestimated. The armed forces that the clan had built up over the years was a force no one in Wu Tan City dared look down on.
The Jia Lie Clan was also well aware of the current influence of the Xiao Clan. Hence after they knew that it was hopeless to continue to compete they gathered their body like a poisonous snake and began licking their wounds seemingly waiting for an opportunity to devastate their enemy.
However the days that were occupied in such a manner did not last long. Two days after the Jia Lie Clan announced the ceasing of the sales of the healing medicine the Ta Lan City medicinal supplier sent a group led by two Da Dou Shi. They aggressively entered the Jia Lie Clan family home and rudely demanded that Jie Lie Bi pay up the three hundred thousand gold coins owed to them within two days.
The action by the Ta Lan City medicinal ingredient supplier was equivalent to worsening the problem for Jia Lie Clan. At this moment however Jia Lie Bi did not dare to recklessly offend a party that was not weaker than the Jia Lie Clan regardless of how angry he was. Therefore he could only swallow his bitterness and attempt to raise money.
After searching all over the Jia Lie clan however they could only find a hundred thousand gold coins. This was a far cry from the debt they had.
Helplessly Jia Lie Bi could only thicken his skin and attempt to borrow money from the powers which the Jia Lie Clan had better relationships with. However there are far more people willing to share in your happiness than aid in your sorrow. Seeing the current pathetic state of the Jia Lie Clan and the hostility from the Xiao Clan those powers which once had a good relationship with the Jia Lie Clan did not want to get involved in the mess.
Helping the Jia Lie Clan now would undoubtedly offend the rising Xiao Clan. As a result even after putting in tremendous effort Jia Lie Bi was unable to raise a sufficient amount of money.
With his face filled with gloominess Jia Lie Bi returned home and raged like a war god. After which he unwillingly voiced a shocking suggestion: Selling the marketplaces.
Jia Lie Clan had a total of three middle sized marketplaces and four small sized marketplaces in Wu Tan City. The ones that Jia Lie Bi intended to sell were two of the middle sized marketplaces with the best location and popularity.
Once these words were out the members of the Jia Lie Clan reacted strongly. Even the entire Wu Tan City was in a state of shock. The revenue from theses two marketplaces basically made up half of the income of the Jia Lie Clan. Being forced into selling their marketplaces showed just how desperate they had become.
If a marketplace had a sufficient crowd it was a business venture that would definitely be profitable. However there were only slightly more than ten marketplaces in the entire Wu Tan City. These marketplaces were usually controlled by both the Jia Lie Clan and the Xiao Clan. The Ao Ba Clan did not rely on a marketplace for a living. Instead their income mainly comes from underground gambling dens and brothels. Therefore after hearing that the Jie Lie Clan intended to sell the marketplace with the best location many people were tempted. However after the initial fervor subsided they became down heartened. In the current Wu Tan city almost all of the crowds were dominated by the marketplaces of Xiao Clan. Other than the extremely profitable marketplaces of the Xiao Clan all of the marketplaces could at best only break even. Buying the marketplace at this moment would undoubtedly be a bad business venture. More importantly whoever bought the marketplaces of the Jia Lie Clan would definitely offend the Xiao Clan. Those who were slightly interested had little choice but to withdraw their interest with plenty of disappointment.
After announcing his intentions to sell the marketplaces Jia Lie Bi who had originally thought that there would be a surge of interest once again tasted embarrassment. He had not expected that the current influence of the Xiao Clan had already reached such a great stage.
With the two day deadline drawing closer and the inability to raise the needed money Jia Lie Bi began perspiring anxiously. Just as Jia Lie Bi became extremely anxious a stranger appeared. After spending the entire afternoon discussing about the price the marketplaces were finally bought by the stranger at a cheap price of two hundred thousand gold coins. In front of the Jia Lie Bi"s extremely gloomy face accompanied by killing intent the stranger swaggered out with two sales agreements feeling extremely satisfied.
Upon receiving two hundred thousand gold coins as payment for the two marketplaces the Jia Lie Clan finally managed to be rid of the group from the medicinal ingredient supplier. Seeing those bandit-like debt collectors leaving the courtyard Jia Lie Bi felt like crying though no tears came out.
Not long after sending off the debt collectors a member of the clan came rushing over to report the latest news. The two marketplaces which they had sold in the morning were now under the name of the Xiao Clan. Hearing this news the extremely furious Jia Lie Bi was stunned for a moment before finally coughing up blood and fainting.
Watching Jia Lie Bi being hurriedly carried into the room all the members of the Jia Lie Clan let out a sigh. From then on the Jia Lie Clan was condemned to be a second rate power in Wu Tan City...
Chapter 96: Promise
u"The economic confrontation between the two families of Wu Tan City finally ended with the Xiao Clans victory. Whereas the Jia Le Clan as the defeated party had their influence rapidly shrink. They would never be able to regain their former glory."
The confrontation between both clans stopped being a hotly contested topic in Wu Tan City after a week or so. People who loved the new and loathed the old gradually shifted their attention away and started to place it on another important matter and this matter was regarding the enrollment of the Jia Nan Academy.
u"As one of Dou Qi Continents most famous institutions of higher learning Jia Nan Academy was almost a holy place in every teenagers heart. If they were able to graduate from it their journey henceforth would be smooth sailing. Not only would they be able to pridefully return home they would also be fervently sought after by all parties."
u"Jia Nan Academy was located in the vicinity where Jia Ma Empires borders intersected with two other large empires. In that no\xad man"s land Jia Nan Academy was almost like a small country in itself. According to common sense for this trapped force the three empires would naturally not ignore it as there was no assurance that someday this power would be roped by an opponent; which would result in a major threat to that side of the empires defence."
Of course this was under the condition that this force was weak but if its prowess had already risen to be able to contest the three empires the three empires had no choice but to stop their actions and leave Jia Nan Academy alone as if it was like a huge dragon coiling at the edge of their empire and so no one would willingly provoke it.
u"After experiencing plenty of growth over many years. The current Jia Nan Academy was not only one of Dou Qi Continents most famous institutions of higher learning but also quite reputable between the citizens of the three empires due to kind of concealed cooperation between it and the three empires."
u"For the incompatible three empires to smoothly maintain close to a centurys peace between them the Jia Nan Academy was a large factor in mediating and threatening them."
These many things caused Jia Nan Academy"s reputation in the three empires to grow even stronger. In addition every year Jia Nan Academy would dispatch a large numbers of teachers to head into the three empires to recruit gifted students.
Towards Jia Nan Academy"s act of sending teachers into the three empires to recruit students the three royal families all expressed a high degree of approval. After all an academy is ultimately not a sect. Academies do not have many restrictions and after graduation a large portion of the graduates would choose to return to their own empire. This would be the new and powerful blood into the empire"s strength so as long as the royal families of the three empires had working brains they would naturally agree.
....
After another few days the recruiting instructors of Jia Nan Academy were about to arrive at Wu Tan City. All of Wu Tan City"s attention was shifted away from the matters of the two clans from about half a month ago into this new recruitment. This shift allowed the Xiao Clan which was constantly the topic of gossip to breathe a sigh of relief.
Jia Nan Academy"s enrollment placed importance on talent and not on the person"s background. Without sufficient talent one would be hard pressed to enter the academy which signified a smooth future. Of course nothing is for certain if you were to have powerful backing Jia Nan Academy would not mind taking you into the academy for a few years to collect a large sum of tuition.
Due to Jia Nan Academy"s indifference regarding status and position now in Wu Tan City even the young beggars or thieves or whatnot began to await the arrival of the teachers eagerly. If they were able to get past the tests they would finally leave their degrading jobs which was looked down upon by the public eye and henceforth become a respected Dou Zhe.
Under this driving mood the recent atmosphere in Wu Tan City was even livelier than during the New Year and every day outside the city there would be people eagerly gazing off into the distance with hope filled expressions.
Compared to these people with wholehearted expectations Xiao Yan was extremely busy. Due to him having to travel soon during this time period he was almost always desperately making healing medicine. Looking at Xiao Yan"s desperate figure Yao Lao finally felt bad and decided to help him. With Yao Lao"s unknown ability in alchemy"s help huge batches of medicine were completed and was constantly entering the vaults of the Xiao Clan. With this stored amount as long as the Xiao Clan sold it periodically they could sell for a year or longer. After the Xiao Clan finally sold all of this healing medicine they would have already earned an envious sum of money.
This high degree of alchemy of course made Xiao Yan tired. However the refining process also allowed his control of his inner Dou Qi to become more and more smooth. Even his control over the temperature of the flames became more skilled. This improvement combined with his highly praised soul perception made Xiao Yan"s success rate in making blood clotting medicine almost close to sixty percent. Such a high success rate would be something only an experienced second tier alchemist could accomplish.
Comparable to his improvement in alchemy Xiao Yan"s own strength under the help of Yao Lao"s carefully made elixirs was also slowly and steadily increasing. After Xiao Yan"s last completion of a batch of medicine the Dou Qi collected inside his body and forced itself to breakthrough and land Xiao Yan among the ranks of a four star Dou Zhe.
Xiao Yan was very delighted by this unexpected gain. Looking at this the high intensity of alchemy had quite the reinforcement effect on raising one"s strength.
Of course although alchemy had some reinforcement effects it was very taxing on energy and once the last batch of elixirs were completed Yao Lao immediately stopped Xiao Yan. Seeing Yao Lao"s severe expression Xiao Yan considered the fact that the storage was sufficient and decided to stop. He then went to his room and tiredly slept for a day as his daily life became more relaxed again.
.....
Slowly walking in his clan gazing at the suddenly squeezed practice grounds Xiao Yan was a little bored.
In each field many young clan members were toiling away at training. These people were hoping that these last days worth of effort were enough to let themselves achieve Jia Nan Academy"s enrollment criteria.
Standing at the edge of the practice ground Xiao Yan lazily looked at a few fields then with a bored expression turned and left. For these procrastinators he didn"t have much compassion. Although he initially regained his talent he also had to work like a dog to keep improving. These people without much talent always depended on their clan"s background to philander which didn"t settle well with Xiao Yan.
Jia Nan Academy"s enrollment baseline was not low: before the age of eighteen one had to achieve 8 Duan Qi. This slightly stringent criteria alone had destroyed many people"s dreams. Of course with Xiao Yan"s view there would only be two people on this practice ground that could meet this criteria.
Both hands holding the back of his head Xiao Yan threw these clansmen out of his mind since how many people being enrolled was none of his business. Shaking his head Xiao Yan entered another small path walking into the flower gardens in the backyard. A familiar female figure was prettily sitting amongst the flowers appearing very beautiful.
Slightly narrowing his eyes gazing at that perfectly curved back a gentle look appeared on Xiao Yan"s face. Lightly smiling he slowly walked toward the green clothed girl that was staring at the willow tree in a daze.
"Xiao Yan ge-ge you... you are leaving soon?" Before reaching the young girl a slightly sad voice entered Xiao Yan"s ears.
His footsteps stopping briefly Xiao Yan powerlessly nodded his head and slowly walked forward to stand beside Xun Er. Turning his head he saw that slightly dejected exquisite face. Lightly smiling he reached out his hand and patted Xun Er"s small head before having his hand quietly sliding down her soft hair. The comfortable feeling made him feel a little enchanted.
"You aren"t going to Jia Nan Academy anymore?" Letting Xiao Yan intimately play with her hair which no other male had ever touched Xun Er softly asked.
"Un." Nodding his head Xiao Yan gently laughed "I also have my own things that I definitely must do."
"Nalan Yanran?" Xun Er lightly bit her lips as she said in a low voice with her watery eyes throbbing with a kind of inexplicable coldness.
The palm that was playing with her hair briefly stopped Xiao Yan shrugged faintly laughed and said "That promise that was set in front of so many people I can"t miss it right? If that was the case even you would despise me."
u"Xun Er"s brow lightly knitted softly sighed and then using a voice that only she could hear muttered "I really shouldnt have let her live back then.""
"Haha rest assured after this matter is finished I will go to Jia Nan Academy to find Xun Er. Uh... at most a year and a half. Wait no just a year...." Looking at Xun Er"s face that had suddenly became bitter Xiao Yan promptly laughed and changed his words.
"Xiao Yan ge-ge actually.... If you follow Xun Er Xun Er also has a plan to let you be able to defeat Nalan Yanran within the promised time." Biting her lips after thinking for a while Xun Er suddenly hesitantly spoke.
Bitterly laughing Xiao Yan shook his head and self deprecatingly sighed "This girl sometimes says some words that make me feel a little ashamed."
"I know Xiao Yan ge-ge won"t think that this is charity." Xun Er sweetly smiled and said.
Softly smiling Xiao Yan lightly shook his head. He breathed out in consternation and laughingly said " Rest assured I have confidence that after a year I will ascend to Misty Cloud Faction and battle Nalan Yanran."
Gazing at Xiao Yan who suddenly became prideful Xun Er helplessly shook her head and was about to persuade him one more time when Xiao Yan suddenly turned over extended his arms and in a split moment grabbed Xun Er"s small waist roughly pulling her into his embrace.
A gentle wind blew across the flower garden the willow lightly floated a young man tightly hugging a young girl like they would never split apart.
Xiao Yan"s sudden action scared Xun Er and after brief moment Xun Er"s soft ear tips turned bright red. Lightly struggling for a while then shyly stopping her small face was slightly suffused with an enticing layer of blushing red.
"Xun Er after a year I will go to Jia Nan Academy to find you wait for me."
Burying his head in that soft hair the young man"s promise finally let the girl who was at a loss to obediently nod her head.
Chapter 97: Xue Ni
Walking on a small street and observing the clan that had become much emptier Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly. Today was the day that the recruitment team from Jia Nan Academy would arrive at Wu Tan City and thus almost half of the clan members had gone to watch. By now the entrance to Wu Tan City would likely be entirely blocked by people.
"What a bunch of insane people. Did you think that they would easily let you pass the entrance examination just because you went to look?" Xiao Yan shook his head and whispered. In a relaxed manner as he headed towards the mountains. At this time everyday he would train his Dou Technique without fail.
Although the recruitment team this time stayed in Wu Tan City the territories that they were responsible of included other nearby cities. Thus when Xiao Yan and his group rushed to the recruitment location on the next day and saw the seemingly never ending queue they could not help but be stunned.
In the huge plaza there were continuous noises and disturbances. Countless young people were struggling to head into the interior of the plaza. Were it not for the soldiers from the governor"s barracks maintaining order at the edge of the plaza the agitated crowd would have desperately rushed in.
After staring in shock at the sea of people for a long while Xiao Yan sighed lightly. His face was dispirited as he shook his head. From the looks of things it seemed he could forget about passing the entrance examination today.
"Hum. There"s nothing you can do right?" Looking at Xiao Yan"s dispirited manner Xiao Yu who was having a conversation with Xun Er behind him immediately said in a pleased voice.
Rolling his eyes Xiao Yan ignored her. "Does Xiao Yu biao-jie have a solution?" Seeing that the pair was about to argue Xun Er who was standing beside them quickly changed the conversation topic.
"The one who is in charge of the recruitment team in Wu Tan City is my teacher. Naturally as her favorite pupil I have a solution." Xiao Yu raised her nose and laughed as she waved her hand. "Follow me."
Watching Xiao Yu raise her sexy long legs and head towards the other side of the plaza Xiao Yan looked at Xun Er and helplessly pushed his hands away. "Forget it. I will not argue with her."
Hearing this  Xun Er smiled and nodded as she and Xiao Yan followed Xiao Yu.
The few of them followed Xiao Yu and rounded around the huge plaza before they came to a stop at the western side where the back of the plaza was. Here there were fully equiped soldiers who formed two to three layers around the place. Their weapons carried a cold glint which under the hot sun reflected the piercing rays.
Scanning the tightly guarded formation Xiao Yu issued some orders to Xiao Yan before moving forward by herself. She took out a piece of green identification card and spoke for a long while to someone who appeared to be an officer. Only after that did she wave for Xiao Yan and his group to come over.
The middle aged officer"s cold gaze swept over Xiao Yan and his companions. Only after a while did he wave his hand and order "Let them through!"
Upon hearing the order from the middle aged office an ordered sound of metal rubbing against another was immediately emitted from the tight wall of armored men and slowly a small path appeared. Xiao Yu smiled at the middle aged officer as she took back her green plate. After lifting her chin at Xiao Yan and group she followed the middle aged officer and led the group in.
Following behind Xiao Yu the other members from Xian Clan also entered this path. Just as they entered the group could feel a coldness on their skin. The surrounding expressionless soldiers were emitting a scent of blood from their bodies causing the group who had never experienced such a formation to feel an intense pressure that made it difficult to breath.
"These are soldiers who have survived real wars?" Xiao Yan gradually let out a breath. Xiao Yan"s extraordinary will allowed him to slowly drive out the pressure. Licking his lips his weakened legs suddenly felt strong once more. Regardless of how you put it with his strength as a four star Dou Zhe he was stronger than most of the soldiers present. He might not be able to compete in terms of bloody auras but at the very least he would not embarrass himself for that reason.
The short less than twenty meter distance felt like a hundred or thousand meters to the few of them. When they finally took their final step all of them found that their palms were sweaty..
With her slightly pale face. Xiao Yu faced the middle aged officer and smiled bitterly: "Senior Ke did you purposely torture us?"
"Haha this was what Teacher Ruo Lin ordered. If you want to take the back door it is only natural to have to go through a little test. All of you are quite good. These subordinates of mine have all hugged a corpse to sleep. If you did not have a strong inner strength you would have been paralysed with fear halfway through." The middle aged officer face revealed a smile as his gaze swept across Xiao Yu and those around her. Finally seeing on the calm faces of Xun Er and Xiao Yan astonishment filled his eyes. "It seems that Teacher Ruo Lin will be able to recruit some good students this time."
TL: Back door means unofficial aka somewhat cheating
Hugged a corpse to sleep = Seen death and a lot of it
Waving at the middle aged officer in a less than good mood Xiao Yu pulled Xiao Mei and Xiao Ning whose legs had already weakened and walked swiftly into the interior of the plaza.
Once they were in the middle of the plaza their eyes caught sight of a large green tent. From there Xiao Yan and the others could already see the sea of people outside. On the pathway there were occasionally some people who had passed the entrance test and were happily heading towards the interior of the plaza.
"Yu Er!" Just as they began walking near the huge tent a female"s laugh rang out. A red figure rushed over and happily hugged Xiao Yu. Her palms touched Xiao Yu"s waist as she jokingly said "Have you grown fatter?"
TL: Yu er - an intimate form of address. Refers to Xiao Yu.
"You lewd girl. Get off me." Scolding with a smile Xiao Yu pushed the girl off. Following that she turned around to faced Xiao Yan and the others as she made the introductions with a smile. "This is my best friend in the Jia Nan Academy. She"s called Xue Ni and is a four star Dou Zhe."
Hearing this Xiao Yan and the others shifted their gaze to the lady in red. A radiant smile could be seen on her slightly pretty face and her brown hair was carelessly tied into a ponytail. She had a full blossom a very slender waist along with a round bottom. Although she was not as pretty as Xiao Yu her sexy devilish figure was something from every man"s dream. During the short period of introduction Xiao Yan had realised that many of the young men who had passed the test were stealthily and obscenely gazing at the two woman.
Xiao Yu affectionately held Xue Ni. From her expression it was obvious they enjoyed a good relationship.
"They are members of my clan. This is Xun Er heh heh beautiful isn"t she? But you are not allowed to have any intentions towards her she will not show any interest in you. This is Xiao Mei another beauty. This is my younger brother Xiao Ning. Finally this is..." When her eyes landed on the lazy looking Xiao Yan Xiao Yu slanted her head and pulled the ears of the girl called Xue Ni and whispered "He"s Xiao Yan the one whom I have mentioned to you before."
At first Xue Ni glanced at both Xun Er and Xiao Mei. Widening her eyes she gasped "Wow. Your clan really does have quite a number of beauties. Once they enter Jia Nan Academy all of the males will be utterly smitten."
"Eh? Xiao Yan?" After a shocked gasp Xue Ni suddenly stilled as she watched Xiao Yan with a stunned expression. "Is this the one whom you said... the cousin who remained at 3 Duan Qi? Looks quite handsome."
"Ah?" The corner of Xiao Yu"s mouth twitched as she ruthlessly pinched the big-mouthed woman beside her. Seeing the terrible expression on Xiao Yan"s face she embarrassingly tried to explain "I did not go around talking about you. It is just that these sharp ears of hers picked up what I said when I was sleep talking."
Raising his eyebrows Xiao Yan curled his mouth and touched his face as he mocked: "You are thinking of me even in your dreams? Since when has our relationship been this good? Back then all I did was touch..."
"Shut up." Hearing Xiao Yan"s words Xiao Yu"s face was filled with embarrassment. The sexy long legs of hers ruthlessly kicked at Xiao Yan.
Xiao Yan shifted his body smoothly to avoid it. After getting back at her he waved his hands and stopped his teasing.
"What did you touch? It can"t be Yu Er can it?" Xue Ni"s face was filled with curiosity as she was ruthlessly pinched by Xiao Yu.
"Yu Er how cruel of you. You actually attacked your old friend.." Covering her reddened wrist Xue Ni watched Xiao Yu with a pair of watery eyes.
"Stop fooling around. We still need to bring them to take the test." Xiao Yu scolded as she pushed away the living treasure not knowing to cry or smile.
"Hehe let"s go. Follow me. I will lead the way." Xue Ni changed her face and withdrew the tears from her eyes. She turned around and was about to take the first step when she tilted her head and said "Oh right. I forgot to tell you that Luo Bu is in this recruitment party. Moreover on the journey here I heard that he had risen to a four star Dou Zhe."
Hearing this the smiling face of Xiao Yu"s became gloomy and she impatiently said "Why did that irritating guy come?"
"Isn"t it because of the beautiful Xiao Yu in front of us? On the way here he only had thoughts of you." Xue Ni jokingly said.
Xiao Yu clenched her teeth a couple of times. For a while her expression changed irregularly before she suddenly turned around and stared at Xiao Yan.
"What are you looking at me for? You can forget about getting me to act intimate with you in front of that guy. I am not interested in you and have no intention of feigning interest." Seeing the glint in Xiao Yu"s eyes and given his intelligence how could Xiao Yan not guess what that girl was thinking? He simply laughed coldly and ignored the angry gaze as he swaggered toward the large tent.
"Uh... Yu Er. it seems that your charm has diminished... In the face of such a good thing the students in our school would have fought desperately for it. But that little boy actually ignored you?" Watching Xiao Yan"s back Xue Ni said incredulously.
Tightly clenching her teeth Xiao Yu irritably said " This little rascal is a freak. How can you use logic to try and understand him? Other than that vamp in the academy have you seen anyone else who could improve from having 3 Duan Qi to being a three star Dou Zhe in just one year?"
Hearing this Xue Ni"s mouth opened. Her cheeky expression was finally overcome by shock. She had not expected that the delicate and handsome looking young man to possess such talent. Was this still the same person as the clan"s "cripple" that Xiao Yu had told her about earlier?
Chapter 98: Making Things Difficult
Xiao Yan slowly made his way towards the large tent. Xiao Yu was behind him angrily glaring at his back clenching her teeth. She had not expected that Xiao Yan would decline her offer and not give her any face.
As the group got closer to the large green tent they found over ten people gathered in its shade. They were split up into a few small circles and talking. Based on their relaxed expressions one would probably say they were all students from the same academy as Xue Ni Jia Nan Academy.
Outside of the tent"s cool shade over twenty young men and women were sitting on the ground under the hot sun. Although the heat caused them to perspire unceasingly their expressions stayed timid. On first glance it seemed that they were the new students who had just passed the entrance examination outside.
A couple of chattering females in the tent suddenly raised their heads and saw Xiao Yu with her group walking towards them. The students faces instantly brightened at the sight and they quickly rushed over with unceasing laughter to surround Xiao Yu.
Xiao Yan felt his head swell at the sudden assault of loud noises he was not ready for the loud clamouring of adolescent girls. His gaze swept across these young and pretty female students. From their surprised expressions Xiao Yan realized that Xiao Yu"s relationships in the academy seemed to be quite good.
"Aya! Please all of you can you be more reserved?" Xiao Yu helplessly said. She didn"t know whether to laugh or cry as she was forced to push away a couple of friends who were continuously throwing themselves on her.
"Yu Er I haven"t seen you in two months and it seems you have become more shapely in my absence. Be honest did you... ah?" A female with a beautiful face secretly swept her hand on Xiao Yu"s chest before resting it on her shoulder as she joked.
At the side Xiao Yan helplessly sighed and gave Xiao Yu a strange look. Why was it that all these friends of hers were like female leechers?
"Get lost you lewd girl. Don"t act so unrestrained toward me." Blushing Xiao Yu pushed off the girl from her chest. When she saw that there were other girls attempting to pounce on her she quickly took a step back pointed at Xiao Yan and group and hurriedly introduced them. Thankfully this move successfully rid the girls of their teasing intentions.
"Hehe what beautiful girls." After the gazes swept across Xun Er and Xiao Mei their great beauty caused these female students to sigh in surprise.
Their gazes gradually turned toward Xiao Yan. As for Xiao Ning he was luckily overlooked by these females due to his sibling relationship with Xiao Yu.
Although Xiao Yan was younger than Xiao Yu by two to three years his size could easily be compared to Xiao Yu"s after over a year of tough training. His face may have appeared a little young and delicate but he carried a maturity that did not match his age. This visual contradiction caused the females to helplessly take another look.
"Hee hee what a handsome young man. Yu Er is he your cousin? Blood-related cousin? Be honest. Did you steal him for yourself."
Regardless of how calm Xiao Yan was upon hearing these ladies openly asking such a valiant question in front of the parties involved the corner of his mouth could not help but twitch. The gaze that he used on Xiao Yu grew increasingly strange.
After hearing the teasing of these girls Xiao Yu"s face showed both embarrassment and helplessness. She was about to explain when the corner of her eye caught a male figure striding over.
Xiao Yu"s face changed and frowned. Immediately a flustered red appeared on her face as she flirtatiously said "I don"t have any blood relation with him. Why don"t you stop making fun of him. He has been shy since he was young."
"Uh..." Hearing those words all the female students were stunned. Watching a flustered looking Xiao Yu that they have never seen before they began exchanging looks with one another. Originally they had only intended to joke around; they did not expect that Xiao Yu would actually seriously come forth and explain. Moreover the tone she used... it was like half attempting to lie.
Even Xun Er and those following Xiao Yu were also stunned by Xiao Yu"s intimate tone. They exchanged glances as they all saw each other"s eyes foggy. Since when had the relationship between Xiao Yu and Xiao Yan become so good?
TL: Eyes foggy = confused
Standing on one side Xiao Yan coldly stared at Xiao Yu"s acting. He was about to expose her when Xiao Yu quickly extended her hands. One of them locked onto his hand while the other intimately swept off the dust from Xiao Yan"s clothes.
"Ah..." Seeing Xiao Yu"s sudden action those surrounding her were all totally shocked. When had they ever witnessed Xiao Yu treat another man in such a manner?
"Xiao Yu you... long time no see." Just as everyone was in a daze a male"s voice abruptly called out.
Hearing the voice everyone tilted their heads. A young man in grey was standing at their backs smiling widely at them. The young man was quite handsome but that radiant smile appeared false to Xiao Yan and the others.
The flustered look on Xiao Yu face slowly receded. Turning around with her hand still holding Xiao Yan she glanced at the young man and indifferently said "Luo Bu long time no see."
"Ke ke." Nodding his head and laughing the young man called Luo Bu randomly looked at the interlocked hands. Instantly a coldness and fury flashed across the gaze he sent to Xiao Yan.
"Ke ke you must have brought over these few people no?" Luo Bu asked with a smile as he stepped toward them.
"Yes." Carelessly nodding her head Xiao Yu once again introduced Xiao Yan and the others. She said with a smile "I have brought them here to take the test."
"Oh have you now?" Nodding his head with a smile Luo Bu pulled out a fist sized red crystal ball. He waved it and said with a smile "It so happens that Teacher Ruo Ling has just given me an examination crystal. Why don"t we let them try. The other examination crystals have all been brought to the examination gateway at the front. If you don"t use mine you will have to wait for some time."
Hearing this Xiao Yu hesitated a little before nodding her head. She slanted her head and softly explained to Xiao Yan "This examination crystal is very simple. As long as your strength has reached the a Dou Qi of the 8 Duan it will light up. Once that happens you will have passed the initial test."
"Let me go." Xiao Yan unruly stared at her and indifferently ordered.
"Uh." Xiao Yu smilingly nodded her head and obediently released her hands. Seeing her obedient manner the grip of the one called Luo Bo tightened on the crystal ball.
"Xun Er why don"t all of you go first." Rubbing his reddened wrist that Xiao Yu had grabbed Xiao Yan told Xun Er with a smile.
Nodding with a smile Xun Er Xiao Mei and Xiao Ning took the lead and went forward. Soon after their palms touched the crystal ball it lit up and they stepped back.
Seeing the three of them succeeding Xiao Yan also went forward and carelessly touched the crystal ball obtaining the same result.
"Rest assured that if they did not have the ability to pass the test I would not have acted on my own and brought them in here." Watching the success of the four people Xiao Yu said indifferently.
"Ke ke. It is not that I don"t trust you but this is the rule." Giving Xiao Yu an apologetic smile Luo Bu kept the crystal ball. His finger pointed towards those outside who were sitting under the sun. Facing Xiao Yan and group he said with a smile "Congratulations on passing the initial test. Now please sit outside for half an hour."
"Luo Bu what is the meaning of this?" Hearing Luo Bu words Xiao Yu frowned and asked with iciness.
"Xiao Yu you are also a student here. You ought to know that this is a rule during recruitment. Ke ke The new students these days are getting more and more impulsive. Wearing down their spirit during the recruitment would benefit their future life at the academy." Luo Bu explained with a smile.
"Hmph. Luo Bu I am not interested in whatever you tell the new students but you shall not impose these lousy rules on the people I have brought over." Xiao Yu icily said.
"This is the rule."
The corner of Lu Bu"s mouth twitched. Being publicly rebuked by Xiao Yu without consideration of his reputation had contributed to the anger and sourness within him.
"Luo Bu you should stop creating trouble. You know very well that these are rules that can be done without so why do you want to make a big fuss out of it?" The surrounding girls frowned as they were also unable to bear how Luo Bu was trying to make a big fuss over nothing.
"Ke ke. I"m sorry. They had passed the test on my watch. Based on the rules during this time period I am in charge of them." Luo Bu smiled radiantly. Seeing the furious Xiao Yu he suddenly changed his words. "Alright. Because it"s you not all of them will need to go out. Why don"t we let someone be a representative? Uh... let me see. We shall let...let this boy be the representative. Ke ke he"s a man so there"s no need for him to worry about turning darker under the sun." After slowly moving his finger across the few new students he finally smiled and stopped in front of Xiao Yan.
Xiao Yan widened his eyes and indifferently watched the young man in front of him who was full of smiles.
"Get lost. Xiao Yan will also not leave. I will personally look for Teacher Ruo Ling to talk about this. There is no need for you to be here giving orders!" With a stride of her long sexy legs Xiao Yu stood in front of Xiao Yan and coldly said.
"Oh ah Luo Bu Da-ge it seems that you are having some problems." Just as they were in a constant entanglement a group of laughing men appeared from the shadow of the tent.
TL: Da-ge - means big brother
"It"s nothing other than this new student being unwilling to be under the sun." Luo Bo secured his crystal ball as he said offhandedly.
"Heh it has been a long time since I"ve seen such an arrogant new student. Luo Bu Da-ge do you need our help?" Hearing this a young man with one golden star on his chest quietly smiled at Luo Bu. His smile was filled with an attempt to curry favor.
Smiling and nodding his head Luo Bu faced the gloomy faced Xiao Yu and mused. Suddenly he smiled and said "Why don"t we do this. It is alright not to go out but there are many new students out there watching. If only these few students are exempted from being under the sun the others may not be happy about it."
As he spoke Luo Bu patted the shoulders of the young man beside him and smiled at Xiao Yan. "Since you do not wish to go out why don"t you spar with Ge La here. Of course you need not defeat him. All you need is to endure for twenty rounds under him."
Hearing this the ladies by Xiao Yu"s side immediately angrily scolded Luo Bu. After seeing the situation they had finally understood that this guy was jealous of Xiao Yan and was trying to abuse his authority to punish Xiao Yan for a personal grudge.
Compared to the angry cries of those around her Xiao Yu had strangely become quiet. Tilting her head and watching Xiao Yan she clearly understood that Xiao Yan"s current strength was not weaker than hers. Dealing with a one star Dou Zhe was not something difficult.
Ignoring Xiao Yu"s gaze Xiao Yan indifferently stared at the radiantly smiling Luo Bu. A coldness filled his black eyes. Originally he had not wanted to be meddlesome but this guy just had to force his hand.
"Heh heh come. Little boy let me teach you how to respect your seniors. Otherwise when you suffer at the academy in the future you would blame us." The young man called Ge La stepped forward and smiled at Xiao Yan with ill intentions.
Gradually letting his breath out Xiao Yan simply shrugged his shoulders in front of everyone"s gaze. He took two steps forward. When he was by Xiao Yu"s side he abruptly extended his arm and ruthlessly grabbed her soft narrow waist and pulled her into an embrace.
Faced with Xiao Yan"s sudden surprise attack Xiao Yu was momentarily stunned before her entire face flamed. Considering that Luo Bu was nearby she could only cease her struggle and clench her teeth as she repeatedly cursed this guy who publicly took advantage of her.
Xiao Yan"s action caused all the females around them to be totally stunned. It also caused Luo Bu"s face to immediately become dark. He slanted his head and coldly told Ge La "Be more ruthless when you attack."
Hearing this Ge La smiled sinisterly and nodded
At the side Xun Er and the two others could only helplessly shake their head at the strange action.
"This is interesting." Xiao Yan coldly whispered as his hand caressed Xiao Yu"s waist twice more seemingly reluctant to leave.
After saying that Xiao Yan released his hand without another glance at Xiao Yu"s beet-red face. He stretched his neck while holding a smile at the edge of his mouth and slowly walked toward Ge La who was staring at him sinisterly.
Chapter 99: Threaten
Watching Xiao Yan stroll over Ge La smiled coldly. He had seen many such new students who had stood out but none of them had a good ending. Wearing down the spirit of new students during their recruitment was an unofficial tradition in Jia Nan Academy. Those who possessed the qualification to be recruited usually had quite a lot of talent. These people were also usually pampered within their home and seldom met with any mocking or taunting. Carrying this kind of attitude and entering Jia Nan Academy which was filled with outstanding individuals would easily result in fights breaking out because of verbal disputes. At the end this would only cause unnecessary trouble. Hence when recruiting new students it was important to let the new students clearly understand their ability and wear down their arrogance and spirit.
When faced with this unofficial rule even the teachers of the Jia Nan Academy did not raise any objections. Thus this rule continued to be passed down over the generations.
Tightening his fist and allowing his faint Dou Qi to enshroud over it Ge La smiled coldly. Back when he first joined the Jia Nan Academy he had also resisted with his talent. However a two star Dou Zhe senior had only used one punch before he sensibly ran out to stand under the blazing sun for half an hour. This personal humiliation had further increased his desire to grind down the spirit of each new student he saw.
Under the watchful eyes of the surrounding people the young man finally stopped right in front of Ge La.
"Yu Er why are you not stopping him? Being under the sun is much better than suffering physical injuries." Seeing the sinister smile of Ge La the girls beside Xiao Yu somewhat unwillingly blamed her.
Standing beside Xiao Yu Xue Ni recalled the appraisal Xiao Yu had of Xiao Yan and her clear eyes blinked. Curiously she stared at the young man who had continued smiling faintly. She wanted to know whether Xiao Yu was right and that this young man called Xiao Yan really had a talent comparable to that Witch.
Closing her red lips tightly Xue Ni placed her hands in front of her chest while anticipation flashed across her eyes.
With the redness on her face yet to subside Xiao Yu appeared extremely attractive. She lazily stretched her arm and then pushed aside the black hair in front of her forehead. As she stared at the young man"s back she said in an offhanded whisper "It is difficult to say who"s going to suffer."
Watching the two men in the tent who were about to start fighting the twenty plus new students under the sun curiously directed their gaze at them. Before choosing to be under the sun they had also attempted to retaliate but those retaliations were all easily forcefully suppressed by their much stronger seniors. Seeing another who wanted to challenge the strength of these seniors they began to gloat at his misfortune as they got ready to observe how he would embarrass himself.
"Are you ready?"
Enjoying being the focus of everyone"s attention the smile on Ge La"s face grew richer. His small eyes glanced at Xiao Yan and spoke with a smile.
"Begin." Xiao Yan simply scratched his chin quietly causing everyone to be stunned.
"Heh heh Little boy. Your mentality is not bad." Faced with Xiao Yan"s attitude Ge Le was a little surprised. Immediately he felt an anger from within. Was this an attempt at discriminating against him?
Lightly releasing his breath Xiao Yan did not bother to say any nonsense. He simply lazily stared at the somewhat angry face of his opponent.
"Very good!"
The calm of his opponent had hurt Ge La"s pride. With a cold smile he furiously rushed forward with his right fist clenched and Dou Qi agglomerating on it. Immediately the fist along with the accompanying wind ruthlessly bombarded toward Xiao Yan"s head.
The surrounding audience upon seeing Ge La use such a great force against a new student frowned.
Gently lifting his eyelids and watching the large fist rushing at him Xiao Yan shook his head. He raised his palm where the first was about to strike was and halted Ge La"s fist.
After halting the fist his palm did not even make the slightest movement. The punch which had a huge amount of energy and strength did not even raise the slightest reaction much like punching air.
"Speed slow! Strength weak! Are you really a student from Jia Nan Academy?" Lifting his face Xiao Yan shook his head and whispered.
The ridicule in the young man"s whisper caused the surrounding people to become dumbfounded. One by one astonished gazes stared at the spot where the fist and palm made contact. It was difficult to imagine that a new student would be able to easily block an attack from a one star Dou Zhe.
Luo Bu who was originally full of smiles. gradually turned gloomy as he watched this scene. His gaze was filled with coldness as he watched the young man who was smiling faintly. It seemed that he had made a mistake. Had he known he would have let someone who was stronger enter the fight.
"Bastard! Do you want to die?"
Being publicly ridiculed by a new student Ge La"s face had turned completely red as he bellowed. His right leg aimed at Xiao Yan"s lower abdomen and violently kicked.
With an indifferent face Xiao Yan"s lazily swung his unused left hand as one would do to a fly. Finally with a snapping sound he hit Ga Le"s ankle; a bruise instantly appeared.
"Hiss."
An intense pain was emitted from the ankle causing Ge La to breath in a mouthful of cold air. The fury on his face became even wilder. Quickly retreating a step he broke away from Xiao Yan"s palm. His right leg stepped off the ground and borrowed the force to rise high into the air. Spinning abruptly a pale green Dou Qi appeared on his right leg. A wind blade like imaginary light covered his leg before it ruthlessly cut towards Xiao Yan"s skull cap.
"Shameless. To even use the "Wind-Light Edge". This is a High Huang Dou Skill. This guy is far too shameless." Watching the blurry light blade on Ge La"s leg the group of female students whose face were filled with anger yelled furiously.
Seeing Ge La"s action Xiao Yu"s eyebrow creased slightly only to relax soon after. Back then even after using a High Xuan Dou Skill Jia Lie Ao"s hands were still crippled by Xiao Yan. She did not believe that with just the strength of a one star Dou Zhe this guy could do any significant harm to Xiao Yan.
Lifting his face the somewhat sharp wind caused Xiao Yan"s face to shudder slightly. Slowly lifting his palm he aimed at the descending Ge La.
"Scram!" Moving his lips the faint voice shouted.
As the shout died down a ferocious and shapeless force came rushing forth from Xiao Yan"s palm and ruthlessly landed on the chest of the descending Ge La.
"Puff!"
As his chest suffered an unknown heavy blow the cold face of Ge La immediately turned white. A moment later his body was pushed backwards as he spat out a mouthful of blood.
"Bang!"
After his body was thrown back by more than ten meters it landed heavily on a rock that had been baked under the hot sun. Ge La"s body slightly twitched as his terrified face watched the young man who was standing a distance away with his palm still stretched out. His chest felt then stuffy and his vision became black as he finally fainted.
The time between Ge La"s powerful attack till the time he was thrown back without any apparent reason was only slightly more than ten seconds.
Seeing how the victory was decided in such a short time the people both within and outside the camp harmoniously kept silent.
Under the hot sun the new students foolishly stared at Ge La who had fainted near them. Moments later their fervent gaze shifted towards the young man standing under the shade. This was the first time they had witnessed a freshman defeating a senior. Moreover this new student seemed to be slightly younger than them.
The prettier young ladies amongst the new student gazed passionately at the black clothed young man who wore an indifferent face. Their eyes were filled with a worshipful glint. Was it not for the inappropriate atmosphere they might have screeched once or twice to vent their worshipful feelings.
"Certainly... a terrifying talent." Staring intently at Xiao Yan Xue Ni let out a shocked sigh and shook her head. Xiao Yan"s strength had proven that what Xiao Yu had said earlier was the truth.
"Yu... Yu er. This person from your family what exactly is the level of his strength. From the looks of it it seems he has already become a Dou Zhe right?" While staring dumbly at the young man in black the girls beside Xiao Yu abruptly asked with a stammer.
What a joke. Being able to easily beat up a one star Dou Zhe to such an extent his strength was already greater than most of the people here.
Xiao Yu smiled sweetly as she stared intently at the young man standing on the spot where the fight had taken place. An unknown radiance flashed across her eyes. A moment later she copied Xiao Yan"s manner and waved her hands while speaking with a smile "If we were to fight even I would not be able to beat him. Do you think he is a Dou Zhe?"
Tsk tsk a Dou Zhe at such a young age. Even in Jia Nan Academy that is considered to be one of the top talents. Heh heh Yu er it seems you have quite a good taste. But he is your cousin isn"t he? Why don"t you let us have him?" The beautiful lady"s laughingly teased.
"Get lost you lewd woman!"
With a red face Xiao Yu pushed the girl away. In her heart Xiao Yu muttered without reason "I have already said. There are no blood ties between him and me..."
The sudden appearance of her heartfelt feelings caused the tip of Xiao Yu"s ears to scald. She quickly scolded herself before calming her feelings not daring to let her imagination run wild.
Compared to the laugher on Xiao Yu"s side Luo Bu"s face was becoming increasingly gloomy. He coldly stared at Xiao Yan as the corner of his mouth twitched.
"I do not need to go out now do I?" Carelessly pulling down his sleeves Xiao Yan looked at Luo Bu and smiled faintly.
"haha You seem to have some hidden skills." Hiding the coldness on his face Luo Bu once again displayed a radiant smile. Walking forward he patted Xiao Yan"s shoulders in a seemingly friendly manner as he coldly whispered "Little boy you had better not be too impudent. Although you possess some talent there are many in Jia Nan Academy who are more outstanding than you. With your attitude you will find yourself in an unfavourable situation in Jia Nan Academy."
"Thanks for your reminder." Nodding his head with a smile Xiao Yan said "But I believe that you do not possess such qualifications"
Xiao Yan was no fool. Luo Bu"s enmity toward him was something he clearly understood. Therefore there was no need to act ignorant in front of him. Even if they were to fight Xiao Yan was not afraid of him. If he were to be more annoyed... it was not as though it was the first time he killed someone and destroyed the corpse.
Although Luo Bu"s enmity towards him originated from a misunderstanding Xiao Yan did not have the leisure mood to explain it away. Putting it in a less courteous manner it was Luo Bu who did not possess the qualification for Xiao Yan to do so.
Moreover Xiao Yu may have argued with him everyday but Xiao Yan did not wish for her to be harmed by this two-faced hypocrite.
Listening to Xiao Yan"s rude words Luo Bu radiant smile once again dissolved into coldness. His cold eyes stared intently at Xiao Yan and his face twitched. The cold glint in his eyes seemed to imaginary slash Xiao Yan into multiple pieces.
Xiao Yan ignored the pointless visual assault. The indifferent smile on his delicate and handsome face was clearly better at giving others a good impression compared to the forceful pretentious hypocrite smile.
"Arrogant boy. When you start at Jia Nan Academy I will take good care of you as your senior." Luo Bu clench his teeth and said with a cold smile.
Touching his face Xiao Yan softly said "I don"t know about other things but if you continue your act believe me I am able to cause you to be unable to leave Wu Tan City."
Shrinking his eyes the corner of Luo Bu"s mouth twitched as he stared at the young man. Within those black eyes he found a depth of indifference.
His body trembled without leaving a trace. When he looked into those chilly black eyes Luo Bu actually felt a frightening coldness. This feeling was similar to the one he got when he faced a savage Mystical Wolf alone during his last mission.
Luo Bu covertly swallowed his saliva. The threatening words which were about to escape his mouth were also forcefully swallowed.
"Very good." Luo Bu heaved out a breath of air seemingly intent on expelling the embarrassing chill that he had felt. Clenching his teeth and nodding his head he had already made a decision. If he had the opportunity he would get someone to cultivate a "good" relationship with this boy.
Indifferently staring at Luo Bu Xiao Yan was considering whether to find an opportunity to let this guy vanish from Wu Tan City in order to avoid future trouble when a tender female voice from within the tent caused Xiao Yan to soften.
"Hehe this little boy has quite a great talent. This time around it looks like I have found a treasure."
Chapter 100: The Classification of One"s Potential
The unexpected female voice was so gentle that it gave off a heartbreaking feeling. Under this tenderness Xiao Yan felt a little absentminded despite his mental strength. A moment later he finally followed the source of the voice and gazed into the tent.
In the shadows of the tent a lady dressed in green was standing prettily with a grin. The smile on her pretty face was warm and her eyes looked around quickly. The tenderness in her gaze was like clear water quietly passing through causing people to become intoxicated by the lady"s special vivid gentleness.
The lady looked much older than Xiao Yu and the others. The voluminous and exquisite posture leaked out a mature loveliness that was molded by the years. This kind of natural loveliness far surpassed what Xiao Yu and these immature girls had.
Xiao Yan swept his gaze over the lady. Although this lady"s appearance was slightly inferior to Xun Er and Xiao Yu her genuine gentle disposition was something that amazed Xiao Yan.
The lady on the opposite was as gentle as water demonstrating the epitome of gentleness.
Ever since this lady appeared Xiao Yan realised that the gaze of some of the young male students in the tent had quietly become passionate. The gazes that they gave her also contained an inexplicable sentiment.
Having discovered this phenomenon Xiao Yan immediately shook his head quietly. It seemed that these guys had some sort of crush on the lady which was not something surprising. The younger guys usually liked women who were more matured than them... Uh this seemed to be called having a preference for a mature woman.
u""Teacher Ruo Lin ha ha Yu\\er has missed you dearly.""
Seeing the gentle woman who had appeared in the tent Xiao Yu immediately cried out in surprise. Following which she pounced forward and with a smile tightly hugged that seemingly plump but not fat waist.
"Hehe Yu-er are you enjoying your leave?" The gentle lady who was called Teacher Ruo Lin smilingly said as she embraced Xiao Yu.
"It has been not bad." With a saucy smile Xiao Yu bit Teaching Ruo Lin"s ears and joked softly "Teacher"s becoming gentler and gentler. If this continues any man who catches the eye of teacher in the future would be utterly trapped by this gentleness."
A shallow redness appeared on her face as Teacher Ruo Lin shook her head helplessly. After spoiling Xiao Yu by patting her head she abruptly faced Xiao Yan and the others and raised her chin. In her gentle voice she said "Are these the people you brought over? It seems that they are quite good."
"Ha ha of course." Proudly lifting her chest Xiao Yu tilted her head and fiercely stared at Luo Bu and complained softly "That guy is becoming more and more arrogant."
"Who told you to purposefully provoke him? You should know his feelings for you. After acting so intimately with another man before his eyes it would be strange if he did not find an excuse to make things difficult." Teacher Ruo Lin helplessly said
"That will only increase my dislike for him." Xiao Yu curled her lips and said.
Shaking her head Ruo Lin released Xiao Yu. She slowly walked forward and spoke with a smile to the ten plus students under the hot sun "Dear students come in."
Hearing her open her mouth to speak the new students who were perspiring under the hot sun were immediately filled with happiness. They quickly got up and entered the shade of the tent in a haggardly manner.
It must be said that even though this method of wearing down the spirit of the new students was a little merciless it was effective. At the very least the arrogance of the new students who were entering the tent was much diminished compared to when they had first arrived. All of them withdrew under the shadows of the tent their eyes constantly roaming all over the interior of the tent.
Sweeping a smile that was overflowing with gentleness over everyone Teacher Ruo Ning finally landed her gaze on Xiao Yan"s face. She smiled and said softly "Luo Bu does not have any evil intentions. Before he was only a little angry so his actions were a little reckless. Please don"t blame him."
"Haha Teacher must be joking. I"m a good natured person. Why would I blame Luo Bu senior." Xiao Yan rubbed his head and "shyly" smiled.
Hearing this most of the people in the tent rolled their eyes and laughed in their hearts. Did this person not feel that saying these words after rudely knocking out a senior was a little burlesque?
After staring intently at the smiling young man in front of her Teacher Ruo Ning blinked her long eyelashes. She had a foreboding that after so many years of being a teacher she had finally met a student who would give her the greatest headache.
After letting her imagination run wild Teacher Ruo Lin shook her head and ordered two male students to bring the fainted Ge La in. She lowered her head and observed Ge La"s wounds. Immediately she pressed her eyebrows together and stared at the innocent looking Xiao Yan with censure.
Being assaulted by the full force of her gaze Xiao Yan felt his insides trembled. The corner of his mouth cracked but he was not distracted.
After thinking for a moment with a frown Teacher Ruo Ning extended her clean white hand and instantly lightly touched Ge La"s hand under the envious gaze of the male students. A pale blue moist energy was guided by her hand as it entered Ge La"s body helping calm the disordered Dou Qi in his body and healing some of the injuries caused by Xiao Yan.
Amongst the different classification of Dou Qi the water type Dou Qi was the most gentle kind. In the absence of any healing medicine water type Dou Qi was the most suitable choice to help treat wounds. Hence water type Dou Qi practitioners were also commonly known as "Mobile Healing Medicine". In many mercenary groups someone who possessed the water element Qi Technique was a must. After all when fellow members were severely injured only water or wood type Dou Qi would be able to help the member gain sufficient time to heal.
Under the warmth of Teacher Ruo Ning"s Dou Qi the unconscious Ge La quickly woke up with a groan. Opening his eyes and watching the smiling Teacher Ruo Ning beside him the former"s eyes was filled with intoxication and worship. Instantly he embarrassingly got up. His eyes swept across Xiao Yan and he cowardly hid his eyes.
"Are you alright?" Releasing his head Ruo Lin gently asked.
"Thank you teacher." Ge La gratefully nodded his head. "It"s good to know that you are fine." Smiling Teacher Ruo Lin turned around and elegantly sat down on the leader"s chair. With a full smile she watched the new students gathered in the tent. She shook her white hand and a ring on her finger flickered while a green scroll made of goatskin and a pen appeared in her hands.
Lifting her eyes Teacher Ruo Lin smiled in a lazy demeanor. "Dear students congratulations on passing the test. Now you can be considered to have entered the Jia Nan Academy. As the school needs to divide the students according to their potential I will need to know your current actual strength."
"8 Duan Qi would belong to the F class in terms of potential. This is the minimum requirement to enter Jia Nan Academy."
"9 Duan Qi would belong to the E class in terms of potential."
"A one star Dou Zhe D class two star Dou Zhe C class. Continuing on in this manner the highest class is the S class for those who are five star Dou Zhe. Of course this is restricted to those who are younger than twenty."
"Hehe. For over a decade Jia Nan Academy has only seen one student who has S class potential. Now that little Witch is quite incredible in the academy." Covering her red lips and softly laughing Ruo Lin"s tall and slender eyelashes lightly blinked. "I don"t really have extravagant hopes of meeting someone in the same class as the little Witch but if I can obtain some in the B or C classes I will be satisfied."
Speaking to this point Ruo Lin stealthily swept across Xiao Yan and Xun Er. From her perception out of all those in the tent only these two gave her an unpredictable feeling. She forecasted that the strength of the two of them would not be lower than the C class.
She was not the only one who was guessing. All those in the tent who had witnessed Xiao Yan in action were also guessing in their heart. What class did the potential of this seemingly abnormal person belong to?
"Alright. Begin. Starting from the left report your name your Dou Qi level and age." Ruo Lin"s empty hand held the ink brush and gently smiled.
Seeing that the registration was about to begin Xiao Yu and the others in the tent were filled with interest and idly sat down in one corner.
"Heh Yu er what level does your clan"s Xiao Yan belong to?" The few beautiful female students squeezing with Xiao Yu curiously inquired.
Hearing this Xiao Yu narrowed her eyebrows and became silent for a moment. She had never seen Xiao Yan test his Dou Qi. Hence she did not dare to say too much least she caused Xiao Yan embarrassment should she make a mistake. The current Xiao Yu for no apparent reason was strangely beginning to think for Xiao Yan. If it was in the past she would likely be happier at the embarrassment Xiao Yan faced.
After some hesitation Xiao Yu gave a somewhat conservative answer "I think that he should be able to achieve C or B class."
"Wow that is quite good already. He can be considered amongst the more talented ones entering Jia Nan Academy. When our potential was evaluated back then the best was only a D class." Hearing this some of the female students said with an envious gaze.
Xiao Yu lightly smiled but did not continue speaking. Her gaze was focused on the evaluation that had already begun in the middle of the tent.
"Hei Yan Ninth stage Duan Qi Twenty years old."
The slightly black skinned young man sitting on the left most corner announced his information with a slightly red face.
Smiling and nodding her head Teacher Ruo Lin quickly recorded the student"s information. Her red lips parted: "E class."
"Lin Dun Eight Duan Qi Nineteen years old."
"F class."
"Ke Li Nine Duan Qi Seventeen years old."
"E class."
......
At the same time everyone took turns to report their information a few new students who just passed the test outside would occasionally enter the tent. After they were strictly warned by the seniors they quickly and obediently stood behind the queue and waited to report their information.
Amongst the twenty odd people who had reported their information most of them were weaker than a Dou Zhe. Naturally there were a couple of new students who originally had Nine Duan Qi but were downgraded to an eight Duan Qi after failing to become a Dou Zhe.
Prior to Xiao Yan"s turn the most outstanding one in the group was a seventeen year old one star Dou Zhe. According to his potential calculation this was only a D class. Even if it was only this it gave Ruo Lin some happiness. After all for a seventeen year old to reach a one star Dou Zhe meant that he had potential.
After the new student in front of Xiao Yan finished reporting his information all the gazes in the tent immediately focused on the young man who was about to fall asleep from the long wait.
"Xiao Yan ge-ge it"s your turn." Seeing the hazy eyes of Xiao Yan beside her Xun Er helplessly tried to wake him.
"Oh." Xiao Yan who had just woken up quickly rubbed the non-existent saliva from his mouth. His gaze shifted towards the front only to find the beautiful Teacher Ruo Lin smiling widely at him. With an awkward smile Xiao Yan flipped his hand and revealed his clean white teeth. "I cannot be compared to the Little Witch that teacher had mentioned. After calculating everything and weighing myself repeatedly... It seems that I can barely be counted as an A class."
"Uh..." Xiao Yan"s somewhat regretful words barely left his mouth when the tent which was full of whispers suddenly became silent.
At one corner Luo Bu"s face twitched. He did not expect that this young man of sixteen or seventeen years of age would actually be of equal strength to him.
Beside Luo Bu Ge La"s face had slightly whitened. His face was full of bitterness. No wonder he lost so terribly. This guy was a wolf in sheep"s skin.
"Yu-er... you... Didn"t you say that he was at most only a C or B class? Why did it jump to an A class. During each recruitment of the Jia Nan Academy there will not be more than a hundred students who possess a class A potential." A few female students muttered as they stared at Xiao Yan with open mouths.
Staring intently at the young man"s delicate face Xiao Yu helplessly sighed and muttered "How would I know that this guy is becoming more abnormal?"
"A class?" Ruo Lin blinked long eyelashes in wonderment. A moment later she smiled brilliantly.
"It seems that I have found a treasure... it was true." Acting like a young lady Teacher Ruo Ning saucily blinked her eyes. This loveliness caused some of the men in the tent to widen their eyes.
Xiao Yan rubbed his nose as Xun Er beside him suddenly laughed slightly "Xiao Yan ge-ge you have created a sensation once again."
"Tsk I know that you are stronger than me. I"m afraid that the S class should be yours." Xiao Yan rolled his eyes and snapped.
"Uh... Then should I give false information?" In the time that everyone had yet to recover from their shock Xun Er pulled Xiao Yan clothes and secretly asked.
"Just report your real strength. Do you think I will be jealous of you? Letting the academy know some of your potential would be good for your future development. Of course you may not be concerned about all this." Xiao Yan shrugged his shoulder and smiled.
Xun Er pursed her lips and nodded her small head as she said lovably: "Then I will listen to Xiao Yan ge-ge." As she spoke she took a step forward. The agile and moving voice of the young lady reverberated throughout the tent.
"Xiao Xun Er a six star Dou Zhe. Age... sixteen..."
On the leader"s seat Ruo Lin who had just raised her pen in preparation to record the information felt her hand stiffen. Her gentle face finally revealed an astonished expression!
Chapter 101: The Most Frightening One
The young lady"s lively voice caused a dead silence within the tent. Everyone"s gaze was dully focused on the smiling young lady in green beside Xiao Yan. They had yet to recover from the shock delivered by Xiao Yan when they were struck by one with a far greater surprise ruthlessly pressing down on their heads.
Six star Dou Zhe... sixteen years old... This kind of potential seems to have exceeded that of the S class. This talent was even greater than that Witch in the academy.
Watching the silent tent Xiao Yan bitterly smiled and shook his head. The information that Xun Er had reported was also beyond his expectations. He had originally predicted that Xun Er"s strength would be around that of a five star Dou Zhe. He had never expected that this girl would be so terrifying. Her potential had actually exceeded the S class; even he was slightly shocked at this kind of bizarre training speed.
Within the tent Xiao Yu was also totally stunned upon hearing Xun Er"s words. In their clan"s home she...
Chapter 102: Requesting for Leave
Eyeing Teacher Ruo Lin who was staring at him with a fake smile plastered across her face Xiao Yan could not help but spread out his hands before feigning an evil and firm glance at Xun Er who had covered her mouth to hide her laughter.
"Hehe let this conclude today"s registration; we will still be spending another seven days here. Congratulations to all the new students who have passed today; from now on you will be a member of Jia Nan Academy. I hope that all the students will finish their preparations within seven days after which the Jia Nan Academy"s flying envoy will arrive at Wu Tan City and we will be able to fly directly to the academy." Teacher Ruo Lin rolled up the sheepskin scroll in her hand as she softly laughed.
At these words the faces of all the people in the tent lit up with happiness.
Xiao Yan gazed at the slightly smiling Teacher Ruo Lin as he took a step forward and made a dry smile "Teacher Ruo Lin I still have something else......"
"Oh? Xiao Yan the little genius what else do you have to discuss with teacher?"...
Chapter 103: First Fight with a Da Dou Shi
Listening to Xiao Yan agreeing with Teacher Ruo Lin"s condition everyone threw him a "respectful" gaze.
Although Xiao Yan was extremely gifted the huge gap between him and Teacher Ruo Lin was very difficult to overcome. The difference between a Dou Zhe and Da Dou Shi was not something that one could make up through one"s talent.
Xiao Yu was also stunned by Xiao Yan"s response. A moment later she helplessly sighed. It seemed that this guy would not turn back until he hit a wall.
"This place is a little small. Let"s go outside."
Smiling at Xiao Yan Teacher Ruo Lin led them out of the tent. In the blink of an eye her voluminous and exquisite figure released a mature and attractive loveliness.
Xiao Yan rubbed his nose nodded and followed. After a brief hesitation everyone in the tent also came rushing out.
The sun was already setting. Its last pale red light covered the plaza with a layer of red carpet. The rocks and ground were also beginning to cool after being baked under the sun for an entire day. Standing...
Chapter 104: Forcefully Resisting Middle Xuan Dou Skill: Water Python
After watching the lightning fast exchanges on the battlefield the surrounding audience gazed at Xiao Yan in surprise. They did not expect that this guy in the face of a strong Da Dou Shi would dare take the initiative and launch his own attack.
Although the attack did not achieve much effect Xiao Yan was not too disheartened by it. He understood that had he not relied on "Vacuum Hand" and "Fire Palm""s brilliant combination he would have been defeated by an attack by the ghost like long whip. As Xiao Yan did not have a leveraging point in midair his body began to quickly descend. When his body was about two or three meters from the ground however the blue long whip nestled up on the ground suddenly stood up like a venomous serpent and twirled towards Xiao Yan.
Curling up his palm Xiao Yan aimed at the ground and sucked allowing his descending body to suddenly land on the ground.
Once again Xiao Yan borrowed the strength of "Vacuum Palm" to escape unharmed. Just as Xiao Yan feet touched the ground he forcefully stepped off it and once again rushed forward. Finally he was able to reach the attack range where he was at his best.
Xiao Yan was not good at using any weapons preferring to use his body to fight. In the instance of a close range attack the fist head elbow leg... every part of the body could be turned into a lethal weapon. As long as he had sufficient speed he could release a storm like rapid attack in an extremely short time.
As he approached Teacher Ruo Lin Xiao Yan"s face became impassive. His fist elbow and leg...
Chapter 105: Before Leaving
Upon hearing the news that the instructor responsible for Jia Nan Academy"s student recruitment had arrived Xiao Zhan and the three elders who were having a discussion in the Meeting Room were all stunned. A moment later they stood up with their faces full of happiness. After exchanging a glance with each other they immediately hurried out of the hall towards the clan"s front door and invited the group of pretty girls into the clan.
Under Xiao Yan"s introduction the two parties began to get to know one another. Once Xiao Zhan found out that Instructor Ruo Lin and group had the intention of staying over he agreed without any hesitation and immediately ordered people to prepare the empty rooms in the backyard. His decisive move left a favorable impression on Instructor Ruo Lin and her students.
With the addition of a group of beautiful and gifted students from Jia Nan Academy the atmosphere of the clan became much more lively. Many young male clan members congregated around their eyes continuously sweeping over the group of beautiful girls. At the same time they threw envious glances at Xiao Yan who was surrounded by the girls who were unceasingly questioning him.
Nightfall slowly descended upon them and as the host the Xiao Clan provided...
Chapter 106: Departure
Xiao Yan walked out of the auction house to stand at the crowded crossroads of the street. He gazed upon the city he had known for more than ten years for a long while before letting out a lonely sigh. As he tightly clenched his fist as if to boost his morale he softly said to himself: "The outside world will definitely be more exciting..." Xiao Yan smiled as he threw off the last bit of depression in his heart and walking forward step by step he disappeared into the crowd.
After preparing all the supplies Xiao Yan decided to relax and quietly enjoyed a peaceful routine for the remaining two days. Understanding Xiao Yan"s mood Yao Lao did not say anything to disturb him and allowed Xiao Yan to plan his days.
The perceptive Xun Er was able to sense something from the tranquilness of Xiao Yan during these two days thus the little lass accompanied him whenever she had time; her lively eyes were filled with reluctance and yearning.
Faced with this tag along Xiao Yan felt somewhat helpless. The only thing he could do was softly console Xun Er when they were alone together which improved her mood by a bit.
As Xiao Yan walked on a small path in the clan he lazily...
Chapter 107: Misty Cloud Faction
The Misty Cloud Faction was one of the top forces in the Jia Ma Empire. Its headquarters was built on top of a majestic mountain located only slightly over five kilometers from the capital of the Jia Ma Empire. The mountain because of the faction"s name became known as the Misty Cloud Mountain.
Misty Cloud Mountain was a most precipitous place. Three of its sides were cliffs and there was only one road that led to the Mountain"s summit: a dangerous place which was easy to defend but hard to lay siege to. Moreover the faction"s disciples tightly patrolled the mountain making the entire mountain a small fortress.
The Jia Ma Empire installed a garrison manned by 50000 horsemen located just one kilometer from the foot of the Misty Cloud Mountain in the name of defending the capital. However everyone could see that this was a move by the leader of the empire to guard against this ferocious tiger that was close to the capital.
The mountain summit at the back of Misty Cloud Mountain was shouldered by cloud and fog appearing much like paradise.
On a black rock jutting from the edge of the mountain cliff a white clad young lady meditated: she was training with her eyes closed breathing in and out in a perfect cycle. In the time between each cycle the thick energy in the surrounding air would release a pale green air-steam which would spiral around the lady"s...
Chapter 108: Octane Blast"s Hidden Force
A lonely crescent moon hung in the pitch black night as its faint cool light blanketed the vast land.
Within the pitch dark forest a weak bonfire danced gracefully bringing threads of warm light to the quiet and dark night.
Beside the bonfire a young man was leaning against a tree trunk and absent-mindedly prodded the fire with the fire poker in his hand.
Including today it has already been five days since Xiao Yan left Wu Tan City. Most of the initial freshness had faded along his lonely journey. A faint feeling of homesickness instead began to slowly climb into the young man"s heart.
After randomly placing another piece of firewood into the flame causing it to once again burn brightly Xiao Yan rested his chin on his palm and lazily said "Teacher where exactly are we going?"
"The Magic Beast Mountain Range" An aged voice said from within the ring on his finger.
"I thought that we could also enter the Magic Beast Mountain Range from near Wu Tan City. Why do we have to travel so far?"
"We are on...
Chapter 109: Blood Lotus Essence
The scorching sun blazed as the high temperature caused the surface of the ground to crack open. When the sole stepped on the hard soil a sudden heatwave would rush into the sole causing travellers to drip with sweat while cursing at the awful weather.
On the wide yellow road a youngster dressed in common clothes was sweating heavily as he struggled to walk. Every step the youngster made smashed heavily into the ground as if it was not a foot but a ton of weight splashing forth a cloud of yellow dust.
If one were to take a closer look one would be surprised to see that the youngster carried a humongous black broadsword on his back. Rather than saying it was a broadsword with no edge or a sharp tip it might as well be called a giant metal ruler. At the top it was as if it had been cut in half by a knife revealing a horizontal smooth mirror like surface.
On the surface of the pitch-black broadsword there were fuzzy and bizarre veined patterns. The veined patterns continued until...
Chapter 110: Fairy Doctor
Blood Lotus Essence was an extremely rare high-grade medicinal ingredient. This kind of medicinal ingredient usually grew together with the Yellow Lotus Essence. Its rarity and similar appearance with the Yellow Lotus Essence made it difficult for someone who was unfamiliar with them to differentiate between the two. Had Yao Lao not exclaimed when Xiao Yan first saw this item a novice like him would never have been able to discover that this ordinary looking thing was actually a rare medicinal ingredient that he had been searching for.
Blood Lotus Essence was also one of the key ingredients in making a "Blood Lotus Essence Pill". When speaking of the "Blood Lotus Essence Pill" it was also necessary to bring up the strange Qi Technique "Flame Mantra" that Xiao Yan was practicing.
It should be known that the evolution of "Flame Mantra" requires the consumption of a Heavenly Flame. Swallowing the Heavenly Flame however was not something safe. The Heavenly Flame was extremely violent and it also possessed terrifying destructive properties. Even the special...
Chapter 111: Joining a Team
The night quietly slipped by. When the sky began to brighten the next morning the sleeping Xiao Yan opened his eyes punctually. During this period of living in the wild he managed to accurately tune his internal clock.
After a night of deep sleep the exhaustion that originated from deep within his body had completely vanished and was replaced by a great vigor.
From his bed he sat up and crossed his legs adopting the training pose before he once again closed his eyes. The early morning hours were the best time to train his Dou Qi. Moreover Dou Qi training was like rowing a boat against the flow. If one did not advance one would fall behind; only by persevering could one truly succeed.
Following the increasingly steady breathing of Xiao Yan the calm air around him suddenly acted like a wave as it began to oscillate emitting a continuous stream of Dou Qi.
After the previous day"s intense training Xiao Yan"s skin was like a sponge. As long as any part of his skin came into contact with the...
Chapter 112: Entering the Magic Beast Mountain Range
A huge group of people were walking through the quiet forest. There were numerous pairs of alert eyes that continued to scan the dark hidden spots of the surrounding forest while hands tightly gripped the weapons at various waists ready to handle any sudden occurrences.
As veteran mercenaries that had survived the Magic Beast Mountain Range for many years even though many of them were cooperating with each other for the first time they were still able to maintain a basic understanding with each other. When they briefly exchanged glances they could recognise the signs of both safety and danger from the other party"s eyes.
The huge black sword"s heaviness and its strange ability to suppress Dou Qi caused Xiao Yan to have difficulty travelling. Each time his feet landed on the ground it would sink into the soft soil. After travelling for a short distance in this manner he had begun to pant and sweat.
Xiao Yan wiped the perspiration from his face and turned around to stare at the heavily guarded "Thousand Medicine House" medicinal herb gathering team. After randomly sweeping his gaze over...
Chapter 113: Cave
Staring at the pretty face that had abruptly appeared from the bottom of the cliff Xiao Yan was shocked. However he managed to quickly recover and upon a closer look realised that the lady was the Fairy Doctor from the medicinal herb gathering team.
On the cliff the two gazes continued to stare at each other. presenting a strange scene.
"Can... can you pull me up?"
After staring at each other for a moment the Fairy Doctor was first to break the awkward atmosphere with her somewhat gentle voice.
Xiao Yan blinked his eyes and nodded as though nothing had happened. He grabbed the small hand that the Fairy Doctor had extended and with a little strength pulled her from below the cliff. Her fragile body presented a beautiful curve in midair as she lightly leaped onto the cliff"s edge.
"Thank you."
Once her feet landed on the ground the Fairy Doctor whispered her thanks as she swiftly released Xiao Yan"s hand. She covertly glanced at the edge of the cliff as her fine fingers touched the black hair on her forehead. Her gaze then swept over Xiao Yan as she...
Chapter 114: Treasure Hunt
"A cave?"
Lifting his eyebrow Xiao Yan watched the Fairy Doctor with great interest as he said "You were trying to enter it a moment ago weren"t you?"
"Yes but the cliff is too steep. I cannot get in."
The Fairy Doctor threw a glance at the eager Xiao Yan and said blandly "I can share this secret with you but you better not have any ideas about trying to pocket it all. Otherwise I will not allow you to smoothly obtain the things. Believe me my strength may not be comparable with you but as a two star Dou Zhe you cannot be considered to be strong within the entire Qingshan Town."
Seeing the seriousness on the Fairy Doctor"s face Xiao Yan smiled touched his nose and teased "Originally I had intended to knock you out and go down myself. But seeing your confidence... to be on the safe side I better dismiss this notion."
Hearing this the Fairy Doctor snorted and threw Xiao Yan a cutting gaze. She did not expect that this person actually possessed such an idea...
Chapter 115: Danger at the Cave Entrance
On the precipitous cliff two shadows appeared under the bright glow of the moon.
"Shall we start?"
Xiao Yan took a step forward to gaze at the pitch-black space beyond cliff before turning to smile and ask the Fairy Doctor who was clothed tightly in black.
Slightly nodding her head the Fairy Doctor squatted down to pick up a few pieces of dry sticks before swiftly binding them together forming two torches. She sprinkled some light yellow powder over them and then found a fire source to light the torches.
"Take this." Handing over the torch to Xiao Yan the Fairy Doctor once again fished out a long rope and waved it at Xiao Yan smiling while saying "As a man you won"t let a weak girl like me be the vanguard right?"
Xiao Yan held up the torch and pulled at the rope with all his strength after making sure that there were no problems with it. He then cast a glance towards the smiling Fairy Doctor shook his head and coolly replied "Let us go down together I can"t be at ease if I trust my back to someone I have not known for long."
"You...... do you really have no manliness?"
Being doubted by Xiao Yan made the Fairy Doctor feel indignant. Usually the mercenaries she met were rather...
Chapter 116: Ice Spirit Blazing Grass
The coldness and darkness of the surroundings engulfed the two as they walked within the quiet mountain cave. Amidst the silence only the soft footsteps of two people could be heard.
The surrounding atmosphere caused the Fairy Doctor to instinctively hug herself. She raised her head and watched Xiao Yan walking slowly ahead of her. A brief hesitation later she increased her pace and closely followed behind him. In this environment only the young man in front of her gave her some sense of security.
After walking for over ten minutes in the quiet atmosphere the Fairy Doctor started feeling that the insanely quiet atmosphere was unbearable. At that moment however the young man in front of her abruptly stopped.
"Ah..." The Fairy Doctor failed to react in time and knocked softly into Xiao Yan"s back.
The intimate encounter caused the Fairy Doctor to take a step back with an extremely red face as she embarrassingly said "What are you doing?"
The earlier soft contact had also caused Xiao Yan to take in a deep and heavy breath. He coughed drily as he pointed towards a rock door where a faint yellow...
Chapter 117: Flying Dou Technique: Eagle Wing
Xiao Yan carried the keys to the boxes and once again he touched the warm metal lock. Tilting his head and glancing at the Fairy Doctor who had finished digging out all the medicinal plants he smiled and said "Hurry over here. I don"t want to be accused of trying to pocket everything when I open these boxes."
"At least you have some sort of conscience."
The Fairy Doctor raised her nose carried the ten plus bottles in her chest and placed them on the stone table. Finally she unwillingly selected six bottles and handed them to Xiao Yan: "Hey these are yours."
Xiao Yan received them with a smile took a brief glance and stored them into his storage ring. The Ice Spirit Blazing Grass was already in his hands so the other valuable medicinal plants were not very important to Xiao Yan.
Xiao Yan waved the three black keys in front of the Fairy Doctor and smiled: "Then I will be opening them."
"Open them!" After throwing Xiao Yan an irritated look the Fairy Doctor quickly slotted the jade bottles around her waist and chest. Immediately her narrow waist appeared much fuller...
Chapter 118: Life or Death Escape
Outside the rock door over ten figures slowly appeared blocking the entrance..
Another figure strolled in from behind them. Under the light from the Moonstones the figure"s face was finally revealed to identify to the young leader of the Wolf Head Mercenary Company Mu Li.
When his gaze initially swept over the piles of shiny gold at the corners a greediness revealed in his eyes. He licked his lips before redirecting his gaze towards the two stone boxes that were opened by Xiao Yan he smiled and said "I"m sorry to disturb the both of you."
Xiao Yan slowly tightened his grip on the key in his hands. His face turned a little gloomy as he glanced at the frowning Fairy Doctor beside him coldly saying to Mu Li "You followed us?"
"It cannot be considered as following. A few days ago I had received information that the Fairy Doctor had found a treasure cave. Because I didn"t know about the exact location..." Mu Li shrugged his shoulders and said.
"How did you get hold of this information? I have only told my assistant Li Fei about this. You... you bribed her?" A suspicion flew across the Fairy Doctor"s face but was quickly replaced by anger.
"Ke ke that woman"s pretty stupid. With just some sweet words she obediently told me everything." Mu Li smiled not denying the Fairy Doctor"s speculation.
"You bastard!" With straightened eyebrows the Fairy Doctor screamed.
"I"m sorry but these things here are too important to our Wolf Head Mercenary Company. Once we possess them we would easily be able to absorb all the factions in Qingshan Town. When that time comes we would have the ability to develop beyond the town. Our vision lies beyond this small little town." Mu Li said emotionlessly.
"Hand over the things to me. Fairy Doctor you ought to very clear about my feelings for you. As long as you are willing to become mine I will definitely not mistreat you when I finally take over the Wolf Head Mercenary Company." Mu Li gave the Fairy Doctor a gaze filled with emotion as he spoke in an increasingly gentle tone.
"Become yours? Just talking to you now repulses me!" The Fairy Doctor"s voice was mean as her red moist lips opened to mock him. It appeared that Mu Li"s act of bribing those around her had incited her fury.
A chill flashed across Mu Li"s eyes as he smiled and said softly "It matters not. I will forcefully keep you by my side." After saying these words Mu Li shifted his eyes to the quiet Xiao Yan beside her and laughed "I have already told you to join the Wolf Head Mercenary Company but you refused to listen to me. Now it"s too late even if you wish to join."
"A mercenary Company without even a Da Dou Shi is actually this arrogant?" Xiao Yan rubbed his nose and provokingly shook his head.
"At least it will be easy to kill you." Mu Li revealed a smile that was full of killing intent.
"Hand the things over. I"ll let you die in one piece." Mu Li coldly stared at Xiao Yan with his hands crossed over his chest.
Xiao Yan icily pulled his mouth. His gaze scanned over the badges on the chests of the ten odd mercenaries blocking the exit getting a glimpse of their strength. These mercenaries all possessed the strength of a four or five star Dou Zhe while Mu Li was a six star Dou Zhe.
After weighing the opponent"s line-up in his heart Xiao Yan"s heart sunk. At his current state he could at the very most handle a four star Dou Zhe. If he removed the black heavy sword from his back he should be able to hold his ground against a six star Dou Zhe.
However there were currently over ten significantly strong mercenaries by the rock door. Under normal circumstances if they attacked him as a group Xiao Yan would very likely be killed with his current strength.
"Teacher?" Xiao Yan shouted...
Chapter 119: Purple Cloud Wings
Leaping across the valley Xiao Yan leisurely headed towards the waterfall. His gaze cautiously scanned the surrounding area and only after finding that there were no Magic Beasts nearby did he finally sigh in relief.
Arriving at the precipitous mountain wall Xiao Yan took a long time in carefully selecting a cave that was four to five meters from him. Carefully climbing up the slippery rocks Xiao Yan was just like an agile monkey and quickly spelunked into the cave he had previously selected.
It was somewhat cool within the cave and not too small: clearly more than enough for Xiao Yan to live here by himself.
Attentively sweeping his gaze over the floor inside the cave Xiao Yan found no signs that a Magical Beast had ever been in the cave. With that he finally felt reassured. He gave the cave a quick cleaning before removing some camping supplies from his storage ring and building a soft and dry bed.
After setting up the essential items Xiao Yan used a big rock to block the cave entrance such that only one person could pass through at a time. Since he would be spending many days here safety concerns were of paramount importance..
Finishing these tasks Xiao Yan clapped his hands together to remove the dirt on them. As he gazed at the somewhat dusky cave he mused for a moment and then took out the three Moonstones that he had taken from the treasure cave and placed them in the grooves...
Chapter 120: Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame
When Xiao Yan regained consciousness he felt a faint pain all over his body much like being pricked all over by needles. He stroked the storage ring on his finger and withdrew a small jade bottle. Tilting the bottle he dripped a few drops of pink liquid into his mouth.
After consuming the pink liquid with numbing properties Xiao Yan felt the prickling pain all over his body slowly disappear. He sat up and picked up the black scroll only to realize that all the words and the drawing of the eagle wings had disappeared.
Xiao Yan stared at the empty scroll and blinked his eyes in confusion. Suddenly he stripped and took out a piece of crystal mirror from the storage ring and with the help of the reflected light he noticed that a pair of palm-sized black eagle wing tattoos had unknowingly appeared on his back.
"Are these the Purple Cloud Eagle Wings"?" Xiao Yan mumbled to himself in a somewhat uncertain voice. The Dou Qi in his body flowed towards the two Qi Paths that had been forcefully created and into the tattoo on his back.
Upon receiving the transmitted Dou Qi the...
Chapter 121: Promotion to Six Star
The surging waterfall angrily smashed against the rocks as the resulting water vapor enveloped the small valley.
On the empty ground beneath the waterfall a topless young man carrying a strange looking black sword was dodging whizzing attacks from wooden logs with a serious face. The occasional leaping and swift dodging that he performed was as nimble as a monkey. Under the sunlight his tall strong body appeared to be relaxed.
A month had passed since Xiao Yan had arrived at the valley. During this period Xiao Yan spent most of his time on the wooden poles which resulted in many injuries and bruises on his body that came from being knocked down by these wooden logs.
Naturally with effort comes reward. The current Xiao Yan was already able to dodge around twelve wooden logs at the same time. This was a great improvement compared to a month ago when he met a shameful end under five wooden logs.
On a huge rock outside the wooden log area Yao Lao was seated with a smiling gaze as he observed the young man continuing to dodge in between the twelve wooden logs. He nodded slightly and swung his sleeve. One of the last three wooden logs hanging in midair suddenly rushed at Xiao Yan ferociously.
The unexpected attack promptly broke the equilibrium that Xiao Yan and the twelve wooden logs had. The little gaps that Xiao Yan could use were entirely blocked by the newly added wooden log.
Xiao Yan"s face turned serious as his eyes stared intently at the thirteen wooden logs that were coming at him from all directions. In the next moment a wooden log neared his body carrying an intense wind pressure that caused Xiao Yan to hold his breath.
Releasing a deep breath the Dou Qi in Xiao Yan"s body surged forth as he tilted his body and dodged the two wooden logs that were headed for him.
Before he could recover from the angle which he used to dodge Xiao Yan feet suddenly stepped on the wooden pole allowing his body to jump to another wooden pole. He moved his head slightly back as another wooden log dangerously flew past his ears.
After one month"s adaptation Xiao Yan"s dodging speed had far surpassed what it was a month ago. Although the twelve wooden logs" continuous chain of attacks were always perilously and narrowly avoided it was difficult for any of them to actually hit his body.
The strong pressure that the wooden logs carried as they narrowly passed him caused pain to well up on Xiao Yan"s skin. However he did not dare use any Dou Qi to protect his body. At such a moment every thread of Dou Qi must be used at the most appropriate place. Otherwise once his Dou Qi was exhausted what awaited him was the terrible end of being knocked off the poles. Such an ending was what had been accompanying him during this period of time.
A Low Huang Qi Method was far too insufficient to support any squandering by Xiao Yan. Hence he needed to be extremely thrifty when deciding how each thread of Dou Qi was to be spent.
"If only the Qi Method could evolve. Then I would not need to be so "thrifty"..." Xiao Yan could not help but think after dodging the eleventh wooden log.
Just as the wooden log skimmed passed Xiao Yan the twelfth wooden log came shooting towards him. However Xiao Yan who was already prepared turned his feet on the wooden log. Only his toes were hooked onto the wooden log as he inclined his entire body at a strange angle.
"Schfwaff..."...
Chapter 122: Di Class Dou Technique: Flame Splitting Tsunami
A couple of people were seated within the heavy atmosphere of the hall. Amongst them was the one who had many conflicts with Xiao Yan Mu Li.
On the leader"s seat in the hall sat a middle-aged man with a slightly gloomy face. His finger lightly tapped on the tabletop. Finally he was the one who broke the silence in the room.
"I"ve just received news that amongst the groups that we had sent out to search a two-man team went missing within the middle part of the Magic Beast Mountain Range." The slightly hoarse voice of the middle-aged man slowly sounded in the room.
"Father. Could they have met with an attack by a Magic Beast?" Mu Li smiled carelessly as he replied. Being killed by a Magic Beast was very common in the Mystical Beast Mountain Range.
Hearing Mu Li"s address this middle-aged man could only be concluded to be the leader of the Wolf Head Mercenary Company Mu She.
"If they had met with a Magic Beast attack there should have been some traces of such a fight. However.. the mercenaries that we sent to reinforce them found no traces of a fight after searching the region that the pair was in charge of. If we eliminate the possibility of them falling from a cliff a mistake that only a novice mercenary would make I think that they may have been attacked by another person. Those missing traces of battle may have been the doing of that person." Mu She emotionlessly said as he shook his head.
"Are you suspecting that this is the doing of Xiao Yan?" Upon hearing...
Chapter 123: Start of Vengeance
"Daaah..."
The sound from the gigantic waterfall resounded across the valley day after day year after year. The water vapor made the ravine feel as if it were completely isolated from the sweltering world outside.
As the waterfall surged it looked similar to a silver dragon. Under the waterfall a youngster with a bare torso was clenching his jaw while firmly holding onto the large Heavy Xuan Ruler in his hands. Continuously hacking at the torrential current before him every chop of the Black Ruler sent water flashing forth in the air.
Xiao Yan"s legs were like the roots of a plant tenaciously gluing themselves to the wooden stake. On the surface of Xiao Yan"s body a light yellow Dou Qi was faintly discernible and every time water flowed onto his body a light mist would soar upwards.
For the heavy ruler to chop into the streaming water a monumental amount of strength was needed thus having already endured a period of time on the wooden stake every swing of the heavy ruler caused the muscles on the arms of Xiao Yan to emit waves of acute pain.
With gritted teeth Xiao Yan"s heel gradually weakened and finally in the middle of a chop a banging sound was heard as the fierce flow of water finally...
Chapter 124: Massacre
The dense forest was quiet and serene. Occasionally a few smaller beasts would leap across the forest ground startling the birds resting in the trees.
The serene atmosphere lasted for a short while before it was suddenly disrupted by a terrible looking figure that frightened away all the birds in the trees.
Ignoring the disruption he had just caused the distressful looking shadow scurried away. Occasionally his terrified face would sweep a glance towards his back as though there was an ancient ferocious beast that was chasing after him.
After running for some distance this human figure who was wearing mercenary clothes lifted his head and stared at the light just a short distance away. An uncontrolled happiness surfaced on his face. Once he escaped this irritating dense forest he would be able to call upon his companions to save him. When that time came he would no longer need to fear the death god that was after his life.
The mercenary"s body suddenly charged forward. He jumped and fiercely stepped onto a tree branch. Instantly his figure shot towards the light with an explosive force.
With the bright light which was almost by his side the uncontrolled happiness on the mercenary"s face grew increasingly denser. However a moment...
Chapter 125: Eight Star Dou Zhe - He Meng
Lowering his head and looking at the soft white woman below him a lewd smile appeared on He Meng"s face. His hands heavily kneaded the two soft breasts while exerting a slight force. The woman below him briefly arched up her waist like a female cat letting loose a moaning sound of debauchery.
Stimulated by this soft moan He Meng used both arms to tightly hug the woman"s waist. A brief moment later both naked bodies stiffened.
Raising his head the intense pleasure caused He Meng to take a deep breath. His previously stiffened body also quietly softened at this moment.
u"As He Meng"s body was slightly shaking due to the pleasure his sharp senses honed by long years of living at the knifes edge caused his whole body to tighten up again. A bolt of alarm shot across his heart; he grabbed the blanket beside him and threw it behind him."
"Chi la"
A touch of bitter light easily sliced apart the bedding and a shadow rapidly shot into the tent. A bitter cold blade heartlessly shot towards He Meng"s neck.
This sudden assault caused He Meng"s face to change drastically. His body awkwardly rolled...
Chapter 126: Kill
Following a soft sound from behind him an intense force suddenly appeared behind He Meng.
He Meng"s face changed when he felt the strength of this force. He stomped on the ground letting out an angry cry as a white color began to quickly spread all over his naked back.
"Octane Blast!"
Xiao Yan coldly called in his heart as he suddenly tightened his first. His smooth sleeves emitted some paper like noises as it was shaken by the intense force. Xiao Yan"s fist then violently shot forward. Within the short distance the intense force that the fist carried emitted a sharp whistle of wind parting.
The sharp noise of the wind breaking behind him caused He Meng"s face to turn aghast. This seemingly frail boy had actually trained his physical strength to such an extent?
"Clang!" A clear sound echoed throughout the tent. The sound which lingered in the air for a while was piercing to the ear.
An expressionless Xiao Yan smashed his right fist onto He Meng"s back with great force. The ferocious force that was emitted from his feet directly blasted a half a metre wide hole in the ground around his feet.
"Crack..." A faint sound was accompanied by the appearance...
Chapter 127: The Huge Encirclement
Clear and cold moonlight slowly spilled from the heavens covering the entire forest in a faint and mysterious net of silver.
"Hiss......"
On one of the mountain tops a young man tightly gripped onto a branch so hard that veins surfaced all over his arm his forehead was covered in cold sweat while he was biting tightly down on his sleeve.
The bare back of the young man was lathered with a red liquid while a somewhat illusionary looking old man was currently using a jade plate to slowly spread the liquid. Every time his hand moved to spread the liquid the young man"s body jerked violently.
Only when the old man had spread the red liquid until it completely covered the back of the young man did the old man grudgingly stop. Lowering his head to gaze at the youth who was in so much pain that his face had cramped up the old man cheerfully laughed and mocked "Isn"t it comfortable?"
"Comfortable my a**!" A burning pain emitted from Xiao Yan"s back causing him to immediately curse out; he was already mentally scarred by the burning pain.
"Hehe" Yao Lao chuckled as he looked down to gaze as the red liquid did it"s work on Xiao Yan"s back before slightly nodding and then inquiring:...
Chapter 128: Killers" Chase
The calmness of the Magic Beast Mountain Range was disrupted by the sudden chase. Numerous loud cries and sounds of the pursuit reverberated throughout the calm mountain range.
Due to the sheer size of the group involved in the chase even the mercenaries who were hunting for Magic Beasts paused their footsteps and stared at the vast group that rushed passed them.
Being curious some of the mercenaries joined the large group and began running. They wanted to see just who could attract such a large scale attack.
"Catch Xiao Yan. That guy has a Xuan class Qi Method with him!"
During the chase Mu She opened his mouth and yelled after noticing that there were many mercenary troops standing at the side observing.
Upon hearing their Company Leader yell the Wolf Head Mercenary Company behind also intelligently began to repeat their leader"s words. Instantly the cry of Xiao Yan possessing a Xuan Tier Qi Method was spread throughout the entire mountain range.
Once the words "Xuan Tier Qi Method" entered their ears almost all of the mercenaries halted their work and exchanged greedy glances with one another.
After a brief silence someone was finally unable to resist the temptation of a Xuan Tier Qi Method. He grabbed his weapon and began...
Chapter 129: One-on-One Fight with a Dou Shi
Eyeing the young man who had abruptly calmed down Mu She pressed his eyebrows together and tightly held the scimitar in his hand as he coldly mocked "I don"t believe that you can grow wings today and fly away!"
Striding forward Mu She slowly headed towards Xiao Yan. When he was close enough his feet suddenly stomped on the ground and his body shot forward. The scimitar in his hand slashed furiously at Xiao Yan.
Feeling the force of the sharp wind breaking in front of him Xiao Yan"s face became serious. A Dou Shi and a Dou Zhe were basically two different categories. With his current strength it would be difficult for him to even last ten rounds under Mu She"s attack.
Relying on his outstanding dodging ability Xiao Yan slightly shifted his body and took a few hurried steps back avoiding Mu She"s attack which had been aimed to feel out Xiao Yan"s strength. Xiao Yan"s feet interwound and strangely appeared at Mu She"s left. The Dou Qi in his body flowed as he lifted the Heavy Xuan Ruler with his right hand and violently smashed at Mu She"s head.
The furious force above Mu She did not cause...
Chapter 130: Breakthrough to Seven Star
Controlling his staggering body Xiao Yan trembled with fear as he flew tens of meters across the deep abyss. When he reached the other side he did not even have the time to descend before his body informed him that he was out of Dou Qi and he quickly retracted the Ziyun Wings on his back.
Immediately in mid air the figure of a person let out a sorrowful scream before falling down in a straight line perpendicularly into a soft meadow.
The body which had already reached its limit once again sustained damage from the fall causing Xiao Yan to black out and finally lose consciousness.
Only after Xiao Yan lost consciousness did Yao Lao drift out from the ring. Gazing at the ragged Xiao Yan he could not help but shake his head in helplessness. With both arms he supported Xiao Yan before slowly moving towards the deepest part of the Magic Beast Mountain Range.
"To go as far as to forcefully use the Di Dou Technique truly a reckless guy......"
In the darkness of his sleep Xiao Yan fuzzily felt that his whole body seemed to be submerged in a cooling liquid. Stream after stream of gentle and mild energy burrowed into his body through countless pores and quietly flowed around within his body. The energy was gradually regaining his Qi Paths since his overuse of Dou Qi had resulted in somewhat damaged Qi Paths.
After the Qi Paths...
Chapter 131: Mysterious Woman and the Rank Six Magic Beast Amethyst Winged Lion
From the blue sky above the violent waves of energy continued to create repeated muffled thundering noises. Even though Xiao Yan was far from where the battle took place his ears started to feel uncomfortable.
Xiao Yan focused intently at the far skyline where green and red seemed to fill the air. The lazy white clouds were also no exception as they were dyed a shade of the two colors.
Another thunderous roar blasted into Xiao Yan"s ears causing him to swallow hard. The pressure from the energy in the sky actually caused his legs to shiver.
"Is this a fight between the strong?" Xiao Yan mumbled in his mouth. This was the first time that he had witnessed the terrifying power from a battle of this level. He felt that the him of the past was but a frog in a well. Only now did he finally understand that the records in the books that described one person handling ten thousand opponents were not simply legends.
Standing beside Xiao Yan Yao Lao pressed his eyebrows together and watched the distant battle that occurred at the skyline and muttered to himself "That female should be a human. Why did she run all the way to the Magic Beast Mountain Range...
Chapter 132: A Dou Huang Level Fight
During the time when the mysterious woman waved her hand the enormous green tornado in the sky rushed towards the Amethyst Winged Lion in an unrestrained manner carrying a wind that howled frantically.
In the areas where the tornado passed the forest on the ground was uprooted turning the place into a flat yellow ground while many Magic Beasts fled everywhere
With Yao Lao"s protection the lucky Xiao Yan was not blown away by the wind. His hands tightly grabbed the tree branch as he stared at the forest that had turned into a mess. Involuntarily he swallowed his saliva.
"Hmph!" Watching the spiraling tornado approaching the Amethyst Winged Lion"s large mouth let out a loud snort. It flapped its wings and the twenty to thirty foot pillar of purple flame pushed outwards and smashed towards the tornado.
The two enormous objects collided in the sky. The moment they did there was a dead silence in the air.
"Bang!" A roar of thunder abruptly blasted in the sunny sky.
The tornado and the fire pillar violently collided unleashing an uncontrolled and frightening energy. At the point of contact ripples seemed to appear in the air.
"Bang!" A few minutes after the tornado and the fire pillar collided they seemed to have exhausted their strength and died down with an explosive blast that echoed throughout the mountain range.
When the tornado and the fire pillar disappeared...
Chapter 133: Fascinating Treatment
While the Magic Beasts of the mountain were in search of the mysterious woman Xiao Yan who was still under Yao Lao"s protection stealthily rushed back to his hiding place without alerting any Magic Beasts.
"That was so exciting. That last attack by that woman was so strong. If the Amethyst Winged Beast had not dodged in time its head would likely have been penetrated..." Recalling the thrilling and beautiful fight in the sky Xiao Yan"s heart started beating heavily. The scene of a fight between strong beings was not something that one could easily find.
Xiao Yan carefully returned to the area around the waterfall and packed up the Medicinal Cauldron and other things that he had left lying around. He was just about to return to the cave when his feet suddenly froze.
Xiao Yan widened his eyes and did not blink as he stared at the the river flowing under the waterfall. A simply dressed beautiful lady was floating on it. Her tightly closed eyes and pale face told people that she was quite badly injured.
"Gulp..." Xiao Yan swallowed his saliva recognising the lady floating on the water. She was the strong Dou Huang who...
Chapter 134: Cohabitation in the Cave
On a small mountain peak Xiao Yan laid on his belly as his gaze continuously swept across the surroundings. Because of the Amethyst Winged Lion the Magic Beasts in the Magic Beast Mountain range were much more agitated than usual. Luckily the medicine powders made by Yao Lao were very effective; although Magic Beast would occasionally appear after they smelled the irritating smell they all hurriedly left the area. Thus during these two days Xiao Yan and Yao Lao were never discovered
"Hey with that woman by your side you will always have trouble. Do you plan to continue this way?" Yao Lao floated out of the ring as he smiled and said.
"Heh heh that is a Dou Huang level practitioner if there"s a chance to make her owe me a favor it can be counted as a long-term investment. What is this bit of danger compared to that?" Xiao Yan"s palm slapped away the branches blocking his route as he chuckled.
"More like you"re taking advantage of her weakest moment to......"ah ah". This way you would have a Dou Huang bodyguard allowing you to do whatever you want in the Jia Ma Empire." Yao Lao disrespectfully let out a suggestive laugh as he teased.
Rolling his eyes Xiao Yan muttered "I"d love to but if I did that I"ll be the first...
Chapter 135: The Trouble Caused by the Aphrodisiac
When Xiao Yan finally regained consciousness he vaguely felt a gentle and warm arm on his waist. His head also seemed like it was leaning against something. Most importantly his back was pressing tightly against two soft molds...
Gradually awaking Xiao Yan felt his lips gradually become cool as a large mouthful of cold clear water was somewhat forcefully poured into it. Due to the poor skill of the person pouring the water quite a bit of it ended up being poured into Xiao Yan"s nose.
"*Cough* *cough* *cough*..." Xiao Yan"s eyes suddenly opened as he hurriedly lowered his head and violently coughed. Eyeing Yun Zhi who was carrying a bowl of clear water behind him and looking as though she did not know what to do the corner of Xiao Yan"s mouth twitched as he laughed bitterly "You"re trying to choke me to death aren"t you?"
Hearing this shame appeared on Yun Zhi"s pretty face. This was the first time that she took care of someone; it was already quite good for her to achieve this result.
Putting down the bowl in her hands Yun Zhi asked with a smile "Are you alright?"
"I"m quite...
Chapter 136: Cave of Youthful Passion
The two tongues continued to be entangled in Xiao Yan"s mouth while wave after wave of pleasure continued to invade Xiao Yan"s heart. The strength used by his arm grew as if he was attempting to merge the woman in his arms into his body.
Following the growth of the flame of desire in him Xiao Yan was in a daze as one of his hands involuntarily climbed onto Yun Zhi"s narrow waist. It flowed slightly before passing through the black robe and touching the smooth and delicate warm jade-like skin.
As their two bodies made such an intimate contact both Xiao Yan and Yun Zhi trembled slightly. With his breathing becoming ragged Xiao Yan slowly shifted his hand upwards. A moment later he actually grabbed her soft peaks.
With the woman"s most sensitive part being invaded Yun Zhi who had lost her mind to the flame of desire became slightly awake. Her face became white when she felt their intimate posture. Like lightning she parted with Xiao Yan clenched her silver teeth and whispered with great difficulty "Yao Yan you... if you dare do that to me I will kill you...
Chapter 137: Breaking the Seal
u"The scene inside the cool and refreshing cave was strange and dangerous; a woman held a longsword at a young mans throat."
The icy feeling on his throat caused numerous goosebumps to appear all over Xiao Yan"s body. He raised his hands and bitterly smiled in a manner that hoped to clear up any misunderstandings "I did not do that thing to you."
Hearing this Yun Zhi"s pretty face became a little flushed. In her heart she thought: You may not have done that to me but is there any difference between what you have done and that thing?
A glint appeared in her beautiful eyes but the longsword in Yun Zhi"s hand did not make the slightest movement. She shifted her gaze and saw the very red handprint on Xiao Yan"s face. Evidently that was the spot where the slapping sound in the cave had originated from.
Staring at the somewhat comical looking handprint the iciness in Yun Zhi"s eyes became a little warmer. A long while later she let out a dejected sigh and weakly withdrew her longsword before walking towards the interior of the cave. When she passed Xiao Yan she said blandly "We will just pretend that whatever happened today did...
Chapter 138: Joint Operation
As the sun stood at the apex of the sky Xiao Yan looked up to gaze at the graceful and slender figure that stood atop a huge rock. From the horizon sunshine poured out spilling itself onto the figure and adding a faint layer of radiance to the already glorious spectacle.
At present Yun Zhi"s appearance looked similar to when she had battled with the Amethyst Winged Lion while Xiao Yan had hidden to one side and watched; filled with grace and nobleness. The haughtiness from her pure and cold demeanor had a way to cause others to feel ashamed of their inferiority.
As if sensing Xiao Yan"s gaze Yun Zhi unhurriedly turned around and lightly raised her eyes to meet the gaze of the pitch-black pair of eyes. Soon after she quickly turned them away and informed him in a dull tone "I will let you possess a Dou Shi level of power for a short period of time and since I am of the wind attribute your speed will be amplified quite a bit. If any Magic Beast tries to obstruct you try your best not to fight it or else the sounds of battle will draw even more Magic Beasts to you. If that happens I"m afraid you will......" At this point Yun Zhi suddenly stopped and slightly turning...
Chapter 139: Amethyst Lion Birth Essence
u"Most of the Magic Beasts guarding the dwellings entrance had been finished off by Yun Zhi. Due. However two rank three Magic Beasts at the back were still alive and were uneasily watching the intense fight in the sky. The aftereffects of the battle that fell from the sky caused them to grovel on the ground as they continuously shivered."
Xiao Yan frowned as he observed these two rank three Magic Beasts that were lying on the ground tens of meters away from the cave entrance. He quickly took out a bottle of medicinal powder from his storage ring and poured all of it over his body. This medicinal powder was carefully made by him and could hide the scent on his body to avoid detection by the Magic Beasts which had a superior sense of smell.
After making a detour around the dense woods Xiao Yan climbed up towards the cave entrance using the rocks as cover. He stealthily came to a spot directly above the cave and stared intently at the two trembling Magic Beasts. He paused for a second before taking out some soft cloth from the storage ring to tied around his feet.
With this preparation...
Chapter 140: Obtaining the Amethyst Essence
"Rank three?"
Hearing this Xiao Yan wiped the cold sweat off his face. Even with the Dou Qi that Yun Zhi had left in his body he would not be able to finish off this young Amethyst Winged Lion with its abnormal defense.
Tightly pressing his eyebrows together Xiao Yan stared at the young Amethyst Winged Lion lying on the ground. After worrying for a moment he turned his gaze towards Yao Lao and probed "Why doesn"t Teacher kill that little thing?"
"I"ve said before that once you enter the Magic Beast Mountain Range you will have to rely on yourself. Unless it comes to a life or death situation I will not help you." Yao Lao smiled as he gently swayed above Xiao Yan" head.
"Damn you are heartless!" Xiao Yan"s eyelids twitched as he pointed his middle finger at Yao Lao before helplessly mumbling "I don"t believe that I cannot get rid of it."
"You don"t really intend to directly try to finish it off do you? That guy may not appear very large but when it comes to combat strength it is one of the strongest amongst the rank three Magic Beasts. With your little body even if you used the Di Rank Dou Technique you would still be...
Chapter 141: Time of life and death
A few mouthfuls caused the Amethyst Essence on the stone table to be licked cleanly off  Xiao Yan casually wiped off the dirt on the edge of his mouth. Turning his back looking at Yao Lao"s stunned figure he disdainfully snorted "Wastage is really shameful!"
"Indeed......really shameful." Speechlessly nodding his head Yao Lao dumbfoundedly shook his head then urged "Go quickly retreat! If not that little thing will return."
"Mh." Hearing Yao Lao"s reminder Xiao Yan nodded his head quickly his eyes once again reluctantly sweeping across the remnants of purple stains on the stone table and then turned over to rush out toward the entrance.
The wind attribute Dou Qi that Yun Zhi left in his body was fully activated at this moment. Xiao Yan"s speed was faster than he had ever been at before and when his legs moved they even created blurry feeling.
After Xiao Yan sprang through the passage he rushed toward the entrance of the cave without any hesitation.
However not long after exiting the passage a furious roar came from his front. Right afterwards the small savage Amethyst Winged Lion...
Chapter 142: Absorbing the Purple Energy
Observing the miserably burnt body of Xiao Yan who she was holding to her chest Yun Zhi"s pretty face changed. At the same time the young Amethyst Winged Lion roared angrily and came dashing from the inner regions of the cave. However when its gaze swept toward Yun Zhi who was floating in midair it hurriedly slammed its claw on the ground and slid for a short distance. The Magic Beast"s excellent sense of danger told him that the woman in front of it was not an existence it could offend.
Just as the young Amethyst Winged Lion was preparing to retreat the icy-faced Yun Zhi swung the sword in her hand. An enormous green colored wind blade exploded from the tip of the sword and cut at the former"s body with lightning speed. Instantly sparks spattered in all directions.
"Wu!" Having received a heavy blow the young Amethyst Winged Lion let out a shrill scream from its huge mouth. Yun Zhi"s attack had cleaved a disturbing crack on the layer of Amethyst protecting its back.
"Dammit how dare you hurt my son. I will not let you off today!" At the moment when Yun Zhi attacked an intense purple flame was thrown...
Chapter 143: Nine Star Dou Zhe
When Xiao Yan emerged from his unconscious state it was already sunset. Slowly opening his eyes and lightly moving his fingers the expected pain didn"t appear. In fact there was an energized feeling within his body.
This comfortably enriched feeling caused Xiao Yan to breath out deeply. Slightly moving his head a tidy pile of blue colored metal inner vest and two scrolls appeared before his eyes.
Looking at these items Xiao Yan was at first confused. Soon after he sat up in a flash of understanding. His eyes furiously roved around his surroundings but he was unable to find that graceful and elegant figure. A sense of loneliness and depression started to appear on the youth"s face
"Gone already?" Bitterly laughing Xiao Yan weakly liad on the branch beside him. After narrowing his eyes for quite some time he lazily reached out to take the metal inner vest that was arranged neatly. Holding it with his palm the inner vest strangely held some warmth and was not cool. Xiao Yan"s hands lightly kneaded the inner vest and found that...
Chapter 144: Gan M
Slowly walking within the dense forest Xiao Yan"s eyes glanced at the gradually thinning woods and sighed in relief. He was presently at the outer edges of the Magic Beast Mountain Range. If he continued walking for some distance he should be able to meet some Mercenary Companies that had entered the mountain range to hunt for Magic Beasts.
Lifting his head Xiao Yan watched the slightly dark sky and involuntarily frowned. It looks like he would have to spend the night in the mountain range once again.
Shaking his head Xiao Yan patted the Heavy Xuan Ruler on his back; it had been completely wrapped with a black cloth. His strange looking Heavy Black Ruler had become a unique sign causing Xiao Yan to have little choice but to think of ways to hide it in order to avoid some unnecessary trouble.
After Xiao Yan passed through another small forest the sky had finally become totally dark. He shook his head helplessly as he prepared to search for a spot to rest. His moving gaze abruptly paused as he noticed a bonfire slowly ascending in the forest a short distance away much like a lamp that led the way in the darkness.
"Eh there"s actually someone?" Xiao Yan stared blankly at the bonfire. After some thought he lifted his legs and headed for the spot where the bonfire was.
As he went...
Chapter 145: Killing a Nine Star Dou Zhe
The overly arrogant Gan Mu had in an instant turned into someone who was randomly stepped on by someone else"s foot. This hundred and eighty degree change caused not only Ka Gang and the others to stare in shock but also resulted in the subordinates behind Gan Mu to reveal stunned expressions.
On the spacious road numerous passersby blankly stared at the Gan Mu who was under Xiao Yan"s foot and could not recover their thoughts. In a moment the noisy road had become deadly silent.
A long while later Ka Gang and his group finally recovered. They eyed Gan Mu who was pressed tightly under Xiao Yan"s foot and exchanged glances with each other. Was this the same two star Dou Zhe from before? From the explosive speed and strength that he displayed this young man"s frightening strength would not be weaker than that of Gan Mu"s nine star Dou Zhe.
"Uh it looks like we were all mistaken." Shaking his head Ka Gang bitterly smiled as he sighed. Looks like that young man was hiding his strength.
Hiding behind Ka Gang"s body Ling Er was also shocked by this sudden change. Her eyes stared at the young man who easily held Gan Mu whom even her father could not defeat...
Chapter 146: Meeting the Little Fairy Doctor again
Xiao Yan who had been isolated for the past few months could not help but sigh emotionally as he walked among the crushing crowds in the small town and listened to the racket from his surroundings. Humans were indeed creatures that loved to live as a group. If he had stayed alone in the wilds for decades would he still be able to speak?
Shaking his head with a smile Xiao Yan threw this ridiculous question out of his head and patted the Heavy Xuan Ruler on his back that had been wrapped with a black cloth. He stood at a junction and scanned his soundings. After musing for a moment he pulled a passerby and inquired about the location of the Thousand Medicinal House. He then opened his strides and hurried in the direction the passerby indicated.
After walking through a few roads the riotous sound slowly faded and Xiao Yan slowly followed the quiet path down a narrow street. A moment later a unique small manor appeared in his sight.
The security at the entrance to the manor was extremely tight with over ten fully armed guards present.
Eyeing those guards Xiao Yan"s eyebrows pressed together;...
Chapter 147: Breaking into the Wolf"s Head
Standing on the spacious back of the eagle Xiao Yan lowered his head and watched the small town shrink as he flew away. He then stared at the spirited blue eagle under him feeling quite envious; this kind of flying transport was something others would covet for.
As her hand gently touched the blue eagle"s feathers the Fairy Doctor watched Xiao Yan"s expression and could not resist laughing "Why? Are you interested in my Xiao Lan? But I will not give it to you. It has accompanied me for many years."
"I might be jealous but I will not snatch other people"s favorite things. And even if you were willing I would not agree." Xiao Yan shook his head with a smile. He knew that in the Dou Qi continent owning a pet that can help one in combat required the owner and the Magic Beast to build a relationship since there was no special contract that would bind them. However a Magic Beast is an aggressive creature so only a lucky few would have the opportunity to befriend and obtain their loyalty.
The Fairy Doctor only gained the loyalty of this First Ranked Magic Beast Blue Eagle when she happened to save its life...
Chapter 148: Wreak Havoc
Watching as more and more mercenaries filled up the courtyard Xiao Yan faintly smiled. In spite of everything he slowly walked forward in front of the gathering crowd.
"Sorry I"m here to wreak havoc!"
"Youngster you have guts!"
As he saw Xiao Yan"s arrogant demeanor Mu She"s extreme anger reversed into a smile. With a wave of his hand in place of the originally shattered front door a thick and heavy black door unexpectedly appeared from a secret slit. With a boom sound it completely sealed the exit.
In the wake of the door falling more and more members of the Wolf Head Mercenaries rushed forth from the inner courtyard and surrounded Xiao Yan with ominous glints on their faces. The weapons in their hands reflected a cold light under the sunlight.
Gazing at the dozens of mercenaries surrounding him Xiao Yan seemed to somewhat helplessly shake his head.
"Don"t count on me going one on one with you I will only use the safest method to thoroughly erase you!" Mu Li sneered while staring at the look on Xiao Yan"s face.
At these words Xiao Yan lightly nodded his head; for Mu She to become the...
Chapter 149 : Killing a Two Star Dou Shi
Mu She slowly raised his spear as he stared darkly at Xiao Yan who was smiling calmly. Under the encouragement of his killing intent the Dou Qi in his body began to surge swiftly and violently. On the surface of his body a pale green Dou Qi slowly escaped from his body forming a thin green cloak of Dou Qi over his body.
Manipulating the Dou Qi into an energy cloak that was attached to the body was the mark of a Dou Shi. This energy cloak not only strengthened the owner"s defence speed and attack it also improved the owner"s absorption of energy from his or her surroundings so that the energy exhausted during a fight would be supplemented. Hence almost every Dou Shi"s first action during a battle would be to call upon this Dou Qi cloak.
With Xiao Yan"s current strength he could barely cover some parts of his body if he tried to summon a Dou Qi cloak. The increase in defence speed and offence would also be negligible. After all a Dou Zhe and a Dou Shi belonged to two different class. The difference between the two was extremely great.
Thus if Xiao Yan wanted to summon a cloak as thoroughly as Mu She he needed to first become a Dou Shi.
Watching Mu She who had summoned his energy cloak Xiao Yan let out a light sigh. A serious expression also gradually surfaced on his face. Regardless of how nice Xiao Yan"s words were his opponent was a true Dou Shi.
Xiao Yan"s hand tightened its grip on the Heavy Xuan Ruler. Following his...
Chapter 150: Small Valley
The Fairy Doctor looked down at the courtyard which had almost turned into ruins and stared blankly. Her pretty eyes were filled with brilliance when she saw the young man carrying the Heavy Xuan Ruler. Her hand gently touched the Blue Eagle"s feathers as it slowly descended into the courtyard.
Briskly leaping down from the eagle"s back the Fairy Doctor walked to Xiao Yan"s side and threw her gaze toward the place where Mu She was thrown to. She softly said "How is he?"
"At least seriously injured." Xiao Yan smiled before abruptly violently coughing a few times. His hand covered his mouth and a moment later a bloodstain appeared on his palm.
"Are you alright?" Seeing Xiao Yan"s pale face the Fairy Doctor hurriedly patted his back and asked with concern.
"It is nothing serious. I have only overexerted myself." Xiao Yan waved his hand in an unconcerned manner. He then faced his palm to the dust filled corner of the wall and pushed. A wind swept away the dust revealing the ruins under it.
Xiao Yan watched the faintly twitching body under the ruins with indifference. He coughed gently for a few times before he slowly dragged his...
Chapter 151: Purple Flame
Inside the isolated small valley Xiao Yan and the Fairy Doctor peacefully lived their lives. One trained hard in Dou Qi while the other intently studied the Poison Book. The two did not disturb each other and these tranquil days were relaxing and fulfilling.
Promoting to Dou Shi was much harder than Xiao Yan had imagined. After training in the valley for close to half a month although the Dou Qi inside the body became stronger and more cohesive the feeling of breaking through to the next stage still didn"t appear. To this all Yao Lao said was to calmly wait all according to fate"s will.
To Yao Lao"s secretive and deceptive words Xiao Yan felt helpless. However afterwards he also gradually stopped training Dou Qi all of the time and would occasionally train his Dou Techniques or learn how to recognise the different strange medicinal plants in the valley under the guidance of Yao Lao.
Due to the temptation of being in a place flush with rare and precious medicinal plants Xiao Yan started to desire to practice his alchemy. And so Xiao Yan set aside a small section of time every...
Chapter 152: Refining the Flame Seed
"Flame Seed?"
Xiao Yan was slightly stunned upon hearing Yao Lao"s words. He was torn between laughing and crying as he said "Why do I have the feeling that your words suggest something like rearing an animal at home waiting for it to grow fat and then slaughtering it?"
"Hehe it shares the same principle." Yao Lao nodded as he smiled.
Xiao Yan nodded his head and his gaze stared at the writhing small Purple Flame on his finger which was his only hope of evolving his Qi Methods. The Heavenly Flames were a little too distant for him while this Purple Flame from the Amethyst Essence was just suitable for his current condition and strength.
"How do I refine it?" Xiao Yan sighed raised his head and asked.
"Relax this Purple Flame does not have an owner so it will not put up much resistance against you. Refining it into a Flame Seed should not involve too much danger." Yao Lao said as he extended his finger and placed it on Xiao Yan"s head "Follow my instructions."
Feeling the large amount of information that was poured into his mind Xiao Yan carefully savored it before nodding...
Chapter 153: Strange Musings
Packing all of his things Xiao Yan left the cave. At this moment it was noon outside. The blazing sunlight glared smothering the entire mountain with blistering heat.
After jumping down from the cave and walking a few steps he coincidentally met the Little Fairy Doctor who was carrying a flower basket and had just returned from harvesting medicine. At the moment she wore a green cloth over her head like a pretty little village girl. Xiao Yan was a little amused shaking his head and smiled as he greeted her.
The Fairy Doctor smiled sweetly at Xiao Yan her eyes sweeping across the mountain cave. She was smart enough to not ask any questions everyone had their own secrets and she was no exception. So she did not delve deeper into what Xiao Yan did in the cave and pretended she hadn"t seen anything. Xiao Yan did not comment about her reaction but rather he was instead happy and liked the way she reacted.
"Hungry? I"ll make lunch."
While strolling to the house along with Xiao Yan the Fairy Doctor turned her head smiled cheekily at Xiao Yan when she spoke. Then she bent down rolled...
Chapter 154: Woeful Poison Body
Day after day gradually passed as Xiao Yan quietly trained in the isolated valley. Since Xiao Yan had begun refining the Purple Flame half a month had passed.
During this half a month Xiao Yan had basically gave up on training his Dou Qi and transferred all of the energy that his body had absorbed from the surroundings into the Purple Flame that was similar to a bottomless pit. As this craziness was prolonged Xiao Yan"s achievement was also very obvious.
The Purple Flame which used to be approximately the size of one"s pinkie had now been enlarged by ten times. Each time Xiao Yan looked into himself and saw the growing Purple Flame a satisfied feeling would appear within him. At this pace he would at the very most need another half a month before the Purple Flame would achieve the requirement necessary for him to evolve his Qi Method.
It was another day training under the hot sun. Xiao Yan was seated on the rocks. his clothes had already been drenched by his sweat. After enduring the training under the hot sun for around two hours Xiao Yan finally exited from his training mode when the temperature in the air was slowly declining...
Chapter 155: The Terrifying Condition
A tiny victory: although Yao Lao had been very vague about it Xiao Yan still managed to sense the meaning within. When the woman was at the Dou Huang level she had already dared to put her strength against Dou Zong level Practitioners. And at the time when she fought with Yao Lao she had already reached the Dou Zong level yet it still ended in Yao Lao taking the upper hand. Looks like it would not be an exaggeration to say that the Yao Lao at that time stood at the apex of the Dou Qi Continent.
Gazing at Xiao Yan"s stunned face Yao Lao could not help but chide "What"s there to be surprised about? In the future you can also reach such a stage!"
"Maybe."
Xiao Yan shrugged declining to comment. That kind of level was already beyond the reach of just talent alone both chance and luck were indispensable for it to happen. The current him merely wished for the Purple Flame to be quickly nurtured before gobbling it up to evolve his Qi Method and also allow himself to quickly become a Dou Shi. As for Dou Huangs Dou Zongs...... these were just super existences that could easily suffocate Xiao Yan with just their names he truly did not want to bite off more than he could chew.
"According to the...
Chapter 156: The Preparations Before Swallowing the Purple Flame
Since the day when the Fairy Doctor fell unconscious after consuming poison the days in the valley once again returned to leisurely and peaceful days. It was likely that the Fairy Doctor was extremely moved because Xiao Yan did not distance himself after knowing about her condition. Now she had reached the point where there was nothing she would not talk to Xiao Yan about.
From the looks of it Xiao Yan"s actions which originated from his pity had somehow won the complete trust of the Fairy Doctor. With regards to this even Xiao Yan felt surprised.
...
Day by day the peaceful days in the valley slowly passed by. The Purple Flame in Xiao Yan"s body grew increasingly strong as Xiao Yan persevered through the tough training under the hot sun. Of course this speed was in large part due to the support given by the Amethyst Essence. Were it not for this magical item Xiao Yan would require many years before the Purple Flame would be able to grow to this extent.
It was another tough training session under the hot sun when Xiao Yan slowly opened his eyes. The strong purple flame persisted in his black eyes for a long while before gradually disappearing.
At the end of this training Xiao Yan did not stand up and hide from the hot sun like he usually did. Instead he lifted his head and narrowed his eyes as he stared at the distant huge hot sun. He slowly lifted his hand and softly cried "Appear!"
As his voice died down a purple colored flame violently rose on Xiao Yan"s hand. The current Purple Flame not only covered his hand but his forearm as well extending until his elbow before it gradually stopped. Lowering his head and seeing his arm covered in purple colored flame joy rushed onto Xiao Yan"s face. He tightened his fist and ferociously struck against the ground. Following an explosion numerous crack lines originated from where Xiao Yan"s fist came in contact with the ground and continued to spread out until they reached the mountain wall.
"What a strong force." Eyeing the damage caused by one punch Xiao Yan could not help but gasp.
"It"s barely passable but the current strength of the Purple Flame has reached the limit of your control. If you continue training like this a backlash may soon occur." Yao Lao floated out of the ring glanced at the arm which was half covered by the Purple Flame and said.
"Indeed it will soon reach the limit. My control of the Purple Flame in the vortex is obviously not as easy as before. If it is allowed...
Chapter 157: Getting the Monster Core
As he eyed the fallen Magic Beast beside him Xiao Yan threw aside the cloth in his hand that was filled with blood. After which he flipped his hand and a dagger appeared. Squatting down he cut opened the Magic Beast"s head while ignoring everyone and slowly began searching within it.
After a few more cuts Xiao Yan"s eyebrows began to be pressed together and he shook his head helplessly. He wiped off the blood on the dagger and kept it. Finally he stood up and shrugged his shoulders at those who was watching him. "It looks like I"m unlucky. There"s nothing at all."
Hearing Xiao Yan"s words everyone gradually began to recover from their shock. Staring at Xiao Yan"s empty hands Ka Gang could only shake his head regretfully. He then waved his hand and shouted "Everyone let"s first help the Company Leader finish off the other Magic Beast."
Upon hearing Ka Gang"s shout all the members of the Bloody Battle Mercenary Company quickly gripped the weapon in their hands and began swarming toward Fei Lei"s battlefield and began to attack the Magic Beast as a group under Fei Lei"s command.
Carrying the heavy ruler Xiao Yan leaned against a tree trunk. He chewed grass in his mouth and lowered his head to see the abrasions...
Chapter 158: Refine Pills! Qi Method Evolution!
Seated with his legs crossed in the cave Xiao Yan extracted the Medicinal Cauldron from within the storage ring and placed it gently in front of him. He then placed all the necessary medicinal ingredients needed to refine the "Path Protecting Pill" and the "Icy Heart Pill" beside him. After he carefully checked everything again he finally let out a relaxed breath.
Seeing that Xiao Yan was about to start the fire to refine the medicinal pills Yao Lao slowly and unsteadily floated out from the ring. He landed on a huge rock folded his arms and watched Xiao Yan work with a smile.
Xiao Yan glanced once at Yao Lao before slowly closing his eyes. Once again his mind brought forth the two medicinal formulas Yao Lao had imparted him with and rechecked the quantity of each ingredient needed and the overall fire temperature. After revising them once he began to open his eyes slowly as he gently rubbed his hands together. He then placed his palm on the fire outlet and his mind began to slowly sink into his body carefully retrieving the purple colored flame from within the center of the vortex.
The purple colored flame was surrounded by Dou Qi as it swiftly passed through his Qi Paths and palm before entering the medicinal cauldron.
When the Purple Flame rushed into the medicinal cauldron a soft "bang" sounded. The Purple colored flame rose within the medicinal cauldron and began to burn.
Through the glass on the surface of the medicinal cauldron Xiao Yan"s eyes could see the randomly leaping purple colored flame. When the ice cold medicinal cauldrons temperature slowly rose Xiao Yan tilted his head and smiled at Yao Lao. His expression once again became serious as his Spiritual Perception exited his body entering the medicinal cauldron through his hand and successfully controlled the untamed Purple Flame.
"You can begin."
Seeing the increasingly calm Purple Flame in the medicinal cauldron Yao Lao nodded his head with a smile on his face as he quietly commented in his heart "This brat is becoming familiar with the use of Spiritual Perception. He was actually able to suppress the flame"s temperature so quickly."
Nodding his head slightly Xiao Yan"s hand habitually grabbed a dark green plant from beside him. This plant was called Evergreen Flower. The warm energy contained within the leaves would make it very suitable to protect his Qi Paths.
Xiao Yan"s eyes glanced at the Evergreen Flower in his hand. His hand paused...
Chapter 159: Advancing to Dou Shi!
"About to break through?"
Xiao Yan looked at Yao Lao stunned. It was a while before he gradually recovered his wits after the shock from these words. He proceeded to say half in disbelief half in happiness.
"Yes."
Feeling the energy in the surroundings rush about Yao Lao smiled "Prepare to break through this is your chance. If you miss it you"ll never know how long you will have to wait until your next opportunity."
Emotionally nodding his head Xiao Yan had no time to determine what level his Qi Method had evolved to as he hurriedly once again sat down. Both his hands came together to form a training seal before his thoughts submerged into his body.
As Xiao Yan entered into a training state the surrounding energy that was rushing about became increasingly wild and violent. Until finally Xiao Yan"s body seemed to become a black hole as it continuously devoured the violent energy.
Xiao Yan"s mind entered into his body and hastily started directing the incoming energy that was flooding in through his pores. Although there was a large quantity of this energy there were...
Chapter 160: The Difference Between a Dou Shi and a Dou Zhe
The clothes on Xiao Yan body continued to bulge outward for a long time before finally returning to rest on Xiao Yan"s skin. Xiao Yan released a breath foul air before standing up and turning towards the smiling Yao Lao at his side. Opening his mouth and letting out a grin Xiao Yan could not hide the joy on his face. With a year"s time he had finally been promoted to a true Dou Shi. During this time he had put in so much effort and perspiration in order to achieve the success that was like a butterfly breaking from his cocoon.
Becoming a Dou Shi meant that Xiao Yan had left the class that the majority of people belonged to. Although the class of Dou Shi was still considered to be on a lower level in the Dou Qi continent it was considered to be much stronger and of a much higher class compared to a Dou Zhe which was of the lowest class. Most importantly Xiao Yan was still young with a lot of time to strengthen himself!
Xiao Yan tightened his fist. A strength that he had never felt before was flowing in every part of his body. Only until today when he personally stepped into the Dou Shi class did Xiao Yan truly understand just how big the difference...
Chapter 161: Parting
After leaping out from the mountain cave Xiao Yan"s gaze swept around the valley. At the moment the lamp within the small straw house was still lit. Outside the straw house a gentle and beautiful figure who was wearing a white dress was seated on a small chair. Leaning against the door and borrowing the light from the fire behind her the figure"s head was lowered engrossed in the seven colored scroll in her hand.
Appearing to have heard the sound of footsteps a short distance away the Fairy Doctor knitted her eyebrows together and removed her gaze from the scroll. She watched the young man slowly walk over under the moonlight and could not help but smile "Have you succeeded in your training? There"s still some warm food in the house."
Hearing this warm and soft voice Xiao Yan"s heart was a little moved. These words and this scenery made the Fairy Doctor seem like a young wife that had waited for her husband to return after a long day. The soft and gentle voice contained concern and expectation.
The expression on his face grew increasingly gentle as Xiao Yan approached. He sat beside the Fairy Doctor glanced at the Seven colored Poison Book in her hand and swept his gaze across her pretty...
Chapter 162: The Three Things Necessary to Refine the Heavenly Flame
On one of the mountain ranges at the eastern border of the Magic Beast Mountain Range.
Standing on the peak of a mountain Xiao Yan lifted his head and watched the Blue Eagle circling in the sky. He waved to the white dressed lady gracefully standing on the eagle"s back and shouted with a smile "Fairy Doctor we"ll part here. We"ll meet again if we are destined to."
"Take care Xiao Yan!"
The Fairy Doctor lowered her head and stared at the young man on the mountain with a smile. The smile contained some sorrow but after she waved her hand she did not linger. She directed the Blue Eagle and adjusted her body before flying toward the western sky amidst a clear eagle cry.
Standing at the mountain peak Xiao Yan"s gaze continued to send that faint blue shadow off until it disappeared into the horizon. After which he took in a gradual breath. After this parting of ways it was difficult to tell just how long they needed to wait before they would see each other again. Moreover when they did see each other again maybe everything between them had changed drastically.
Xiao Yan"s face was a little lonely. A moment later however Xiao Yan shook his head and abandoned...
Chapter 163: Grandmaster Ao Tuo
On the second day right as the first morning light shone on the land Xiao Yan left the inn. As he left he inquired about the location of the Alchemist Association in the city.
Walking on the street in the early morning Xiao Yan recalled the shock and adulation that appeared on the Innkeeper"s face when Xiao Yan was inquiring about the location of the Alchemist Association. He secretly found it funny and quietly sighed. It looked like the noble identity that alchemists had was something that was entrenched into the heart of everyone in the Dou Qi continent. Otherwise these people would not display a expression of reverence when talking about the Alchemist Association.
Black Rock City indeed lived up to its name as one of the biggest cities in the Jia Ma Empire. Although it was extremely early in the morning the streets were already bustling; full of the sounds and people. Moreover there was the occasional soldier orderly passing by. The orderly armor clangings clearly rang out in the early morning air as if they were the morning bell.
Following the direction that the Innkeeper had told him Xiao Yan slowly passed by a couple...
Chapter 164: The Alchemist Association
Entering the Alchemist Association a faint medicinal scent pounced out giving people a refreshed feeling.
The interior of the hall did not have many people with only a few people quietly performing their own work. Appearing to have heard the sound of footsteps some of them lifted their head and swept their gazes toward the young man who was carrying a huge black ruler on his back that seemed to be almost dragging him to the ground. After confusion flashed in their eyes they began to once again bury themselves in their work. They did not think that anyone had the courage to create a disturbance in the Alchemist Association.
Standing in the somewhat deserted large hall Xiao Yan helplessly shook his head. He was about to find someone to inquire about the procedure for obtaining an Alchemist tier badge when a young lady in a pale green dress hurriedly came from behind a counter and swiftly strided toward Xiao Yan.
"This... mister seeing your unfamiliar face this should be your first time coming to our Black Rock City"s Alchemist Association no?" She quickly walked to the front of Xiao Yan with a smile the green clad lady"s eyes completely scanned Xiao Yan before she asked with a smile.
"Yes." Xiao Yan sized up the lady in green. Her beautiful...
Chapter 165: The Test for a Tier One Alchemist
At the doorway there was a tall figure with transparent eyes like the cold clear spring on top of a snowy mountain an exquisite face and long eyebrows. On her tall and nimble body was a tight silver colored dress. The silver colored clothing and her warm jade like skin complimented each other giving the girl a special icy metallic beauty. What caused others to be most amazed about was that this girl in a silver dressed actually possessed long silver hair that extended to her waist.
This silver color was not the pale silver color of illness. Rather it was like soft and gentle silver threads. As it drifted it gave the silver clad girl a strange attraction.
After his gaze carefully sized her up Xiao Yan could not stop praising in his heart. No wonder this girl was able to cause most of the gazes in the hall to heat up. This kind of loveliness and demeanor was considered to be excellent.
When compared to her the one known as Lin Fei lacked this kind of spiritual demeanor. The soft and gentle silvery hair with full luster was easy to cause other females to feel a little jealous in their hearts.
After sweeping his gaze around Xiao Yan slowly withdrew it. He moved his body slightly and consciously...
Chapter 166: Passing the Test
"That guy... actually summoned a purple colored flame? Don"t tell me... it"s a "Heavenly Flame"!? How can it be?"
All the alchemists within the hall stared at the soaring and burning purple flame in the medicinal cauldron with shock. Since there was a light curtain separating them they could not be certain of the exact details of the tlame. However the color of the flame was definitely not an ordinary Dou Qi Flame created from condensed Dou Qi.
"Heavenly Flame?" Frank and Ao Tuo exchanged glances and immediately shook their heads.
"Doesn"t look like it... moreover with that kid"s strength he should not be able to control the intense Heavenly Flame with such ease!" Ao Tuo stared intently at the Purple Flame that was rising under the control of Xiao Yan"s Spiritual Perception as he said in a deep voice.
"There is indeed some difference. A "Heavenly Flame" isn"t so easy to control..." Frank wiped the water stains on his beard. The expression on his face was extremely serious.
"But why is his flame purple in color?" Frank and Ao Tuo frowned. They felt a little ignorant. Neither had heard of any flame other than a flame that was refined from a Heavenly Flame that was entirely purple in color.
"This kid... isn"t simple. No wonder he dares to take the test for a tier one alchemist at such a young age. He actually...
Chapter 167: The Youngest Tier Two Alchemist
"Continue to take the test for a tier two alchemist?"
Xiao Yan"s words not only caused Frank and Ao Tuo to display a dull expression but also caused the two ladies Xue Mei and Lin Fei beside him to suddenly pause what they were doing and lift their heads. Their faces were filled with astonishment as they blankly stared at the young man by the stone table.
Within the hall everyone"s gazes were foolishly staring at the young man. If Xiao Yan"s success in passing a tier one alchemist test just a moment ago caused them to feel amazement in their hearts then this next question actually caused everyone to feel stunned.
A nineteen year old tier one alchemist was uncommon but there were still many in the Jia Ma Empire. However a nineteen year old tier two alchemist was truly rare. It should be known that even the Pill King Gu He within the Jia Ma Empire had only just become a tier one alchemist at this age.
If Xiao Yan managed to pass the test for the tier two alchemist today would it not mean that his achievements in the future would be even greater than Pill King Gu He.
"Oh god... we might be witnessing a monster...
Chapter 168: The Incredible Treatment for Alchemists
Seeing the faces of Frank and Ao Tuo which were filled with amazement all the throats of those in the hall could not help but roll gently. Looking at the manner of these two the young man had obviously passed the tier two test.
"What a frightening person..." Everyone looked at each other as they sighed gently in their hearts. A nineteen years old tier two alchemist. This could be considered as a new record in the Jia Ma Empire.
"This guy... actually managed to succeed? At nineteen he has actually reached the Dou Shi level? How is this possible?" Opening her red lips Lin Fei softly mumbled with astonishment.
Beside her Xue Mei also nodded her head slightly. Wasn"t this guy far too monstrous?
Seeing the shocked expressions of everyone in the hall Frank and Ao Tuo also faced each other and smiled bitterly. After observing Xiao Yan refining a medicinal pill at close proximity both of them could not help but feel amazed at the talent in refining pills that Xiao Yan had demonstrated.
Although it was Xiao Yan"s first refinement using the medicinal formula provided for the test his outstanding control of the flame was not inferior to any true tier two alchemist. Moreover...
Chapter 169: Gu Te
"Ice Spirit Cold Fountain?"
Hearing the name that Xiao Yan spat out Frank and Ao Tuo clearly stilled for a moment. An instant later they said in a surprised voice "Little boy the Ice Spirit Cold Fountain is an extremely rare and precious Spiritual ingredient. With your current ability it seems like you should not need this kind of thing."
With a smile Xiao Yan vaguely said "I really need this thing. Grandmasters do you know anyone in the Alchemist Association who possesses it? If you do I can pay a large sum in exchange for it."
"A large sum? Xiao Yan you should know that this "Ice Spirit Cold Fountain" is something extremely rare that cannot be measured with gold coins. Moreover even if someone had this thing you would be hard pressed to take something out to exchange for it." Frank shook his head and said.
"Hehe of course I know this. Can you grandmasters please help me check? If there is really someone who possesses it I may be able to take out something that would satisfy him." Xiao Yan politely said as he smiled and nodded.
Seeing Xiao Yan"s insistence Frank pressed his old eyebrows together. He then...
Chapter 170: Exchange
Ao Tuo beckoned Xiao Yan toward him eh took two steps forward and pushed open the door to the house. However before he entered a vicious force sent black colored powder spewing out from all directions from within the house.
The sudden unforeseen event caused Xiao Yan to be slightly shocked. He cautiously took a few steps back with his right hand quickly holding on to the Heavy Xuan Ruler as he arched his body.
Before the black colored powder could spew out from within the room Ao Tuo rubbed his lips together and waved his sleeve fiercely. An even more vicious force appeared and lifted all the black powder returning it all back from where it came from.
As the black powder gradually scattered it revealed a dirty and messy room behind it. Ao Tuo patted his hand tilted his head and said cautiously to Xiao Yan "This old man likes to do things like this to trick people. The black colored powder just now may not poison people but if one"s skin were to even come into the slightest contact with it they would get a terrible itch."
Gradually releasing his palm from the Ruler"s...
Chapter 171: Successfully Obtaining the Ice Spirit Cold Fountain
With his turbid old eyes were intently locked onto the small jade bottle on the table a long while later Gu Te licked his lips carefully extended his hand and grabbed the jade bottle into his hand. He put it under his nose and took a gentle sniff of the dense purple vapor. Instantly he felt the fire type Dou Qi in his body which was originally circulating at a tortoise like speed become much more active.
"Tsk tsk. An excellent thing." Feeling the change in his body an expression of surprise appeared on Gu Te"s old face. He sighed in amazement as he smacked his lips. Musing for a while he suddenly turned his body around and began searching through the garbage pile beside him. Finally he took out a small crystal dish and a narrow hollow needle.
He placed the narrow needle into the jade bottle and gently pinched it sucking up and filling the hollow needle with the purple colored liquid. After which he carefully dropped it in the middle of the crystal dish.
As the purple colored liquid was dropped onto the crystal dish Xiao Yan and Gu Te could faintly see a purple colored flame dancing within that drop of the purple colored liquid.
"This thing..." Pressing his eyebrows together Gu Te thought...
Chapter 172: The Alchemist Grand Meeting
Staring intently at the white jade box in front of him excitement surfaced on Xiao Yan"s face. His hand trembled slightly as he reached forward intending to hold that small jade bottle in his hand.
Looking at Xiao Yan"s action a mocking glint flashed across the muddy eyes of Gu Te who was seated opposite him.
Just as Xiao Yan touched the small jade bottle his heart abruptly tightened. He found that the spot on his hand that came into contact with felt a coldness that pierced his bone. In the blink of an eye his palm was covered with a layer of thin ice. In addition the ice swiftly spread up Xiao Yan"s arm.
The unexpected change caused Xiao Yan"s expression to change slightly. An idea struck him and threads of purple colored Dou Qi in his body quickly passed through a few QI Paths and finally flowed to his arm. Instantly a faint purple colored flame rose from Xiao Yan"s arm and came to a brief stalemate with the icy air before gradually melting it.
His arm shook slightly and threw off the water stains on it. Xiao Yan"s hand was covered in a pale purple colored flame as he once again grabbed the small jade bottle. This time round he lifted it up without any change in his expression.
Beside him Gu Te watched the Purple Flame that burnt...
Chapter 173: During the Flight
After walking out from the Alchemist Association Xiao Yan glanced around before striding toward the middle of the city where the Flying Transportation Company was located.
After passing a few unfamiliar streets and asking for directions along the way Xiao Yan finally found the Flying Transportation Company situated in the middle of a wide open space after ten minutes.
There were over ten large bird monsters parked in the vast plaza. This kind of bird monster was known as the Thick Winged Bird. They did not belong to the Magic Beast classification and were instead just birds. They had very gentle tempers and were easily trained by humans. However due to their small numbers it would usually require the strength of an empire in order to create this kind of Flying Transportation Fleet.
This kind of Thick Winged Bird may not be comparable to a Flying type Magic Beast in terms of speed they still had extremely great endurance. As long as one of them had a full meal it could fly at a steady speed for up to four or five days. Its ability to carry a load was also outstanding....
Chapter 174: The Murder Caused by the Tier Five Medicinal Pill
Xiao Yan spent the three day flying journey on the flying bird in his own rom. Although there were two stops during the journey to rest he did not step out. Instead he continued to remain in his room meticulously absorbing all the steps Yao Lao took when refining the medicinal pill into his mind.
This time around Yao Lao took two and a half days in order to refine the medicine. This result was only achieved under the precondition of Yao Lao having the help of a "Heavenly Flame". From this it can be seen that if an ordinary Alchemist intended to successfully refine this "Blood Lotus Pill" it would be impossible without a time period of over ten days.
After observing the entire process of Yao Lao refining the tier five medicinal pill Xiao Yan felt that he had gained quite a lot. At the same time he had also realized that his ability to control the flames and other alchemy related things that he was proud of were nothing in front of a true Alchemist Grandmaster. Take for example the process of refining a "Blood Lotus Pill". Although there were only three ingredients the complex process involved caused Xiao Yan to suck his tongue...
Chapter 175: Arrival
Hearing the old voice sounding from within the room Xiao Yan let out a sigh of relief.
The old man who had just rushed into the room slowly retreated out. At the moment one could see a somewhat old looking palm on his neck. Like an eagle claw it was tightly locked onto his throat.
Ha Lang"s expression was somewhat aghast as he stared at the indifferent old man in front of him. Part of the reason for him being caught was because he was unprepared. However when the palm of the man locked onto his throat Ha Lang came to a terrifying realization that the originally quick flowing Dou Qi in his body appeared to have been bound and had changed to a flow with a tortoise like speed. Regardless of how much effort he put in order to hasten it the Dou Qi remained mild without any strength.
At this point in time regardless of how stupid Ha Lang was he was also able to understand that the old man in front of him was not someone who was only slightly stronger than him as he had thought...
From the terrifying hand of the other party this strength at the very least exceed Ha Lang by over two classes.
"God this old man"s strength...
Chapter 176: The Mysterious Map Fragment?
u"Upon reaching a place around a few hundred meters from the city Xiao Yans flying speed gradually decreased. His body trembled slightly and the Purple Cloud Wings on his back released waves of pale purple colored light before gradually shrinking. After which they transformed into a tattoo and stuck to Xiao Yan"s back."
Xiao Yan rolled his body in midair before his feet steadily landed on the ground. After gently patting off some of the dust from his clothes he lifted his head and looked at the huge yellow colored city that was in the distance. He let out a relieved sigh as he smiled.
Perhaps because the place was located close to the desert but the air was extremely dry and hot. Blazing sunlight shined down from the sky and grilled the vast ground causing it to emit hot air that cooked people. That wave of hot air slowly rose causing some distortions in the surrounding areas.
According to common sense this could not be considered to be a good environment and there should not be people who could have a carefree feeling in this environment. However Xiao Yan was a little stunned to discover that ever since his feet stepped...
Chapter 177: Mysterious Old Man
Xiao Yan"s hand trembled a little as he held the fragmented map piece that appeared as though it would turn to dust with just a touch. There was an unrestrained joy that could not be hidden within his eyes. He did not expect that he would find one of the mysterious fragmented pieces under such coincidental circumstances.
Xiao Yan could not understand the meaning behind the routes as he viewed the mysterious routes on this yellowing map piece. However the outline of these routes were faintly familiar. This was because he had seen this type of mysterious map piece when he and the Fairy Doctor were searching for treasure in a cave within the Magic Beast Mountain Range...
This fragment of a mysterious map could lead one to find the legendary "Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame" that was ranked third on the "Heavenly Flame" ranking. Even Yao Lao also gave a very high evaluation to this kind of "Heavenly Flame". When Yao Lao talked about the "Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame" Xiao Yan did not have difficulty in sensing the amazement in his voice.
By being able to be repeatedly praised by Yao Lao who once stood at...
Chapter 178: Fight
With the Dou Qi cloak covering his body Xiao Yan could clearly feel that his body"s condition had improved a lot. He immediately grabbed the Heavy Xuan Ruler on his back tightly and pulled at it forcefully. Following a soft sound the Heavy Xuan Ruler pierced the ground and created a deep imprint.
With his hand tightly holding the heavy ruler Xiao Yan"s gaze cautiously swept across the surrounding fog that had pervaded the room.
When the purple colored Dou Qi cloak that emitted the Purple Flame appeared on Xiao Yan"s body a soft shocked gasp was clearly emitted from the surrounding white colored fog.
Evidently that mysterious old man had not expected Xiao Yan to be able to summon a Dou Qi cloak that was accompanied by a Dou Qi flame.
"Old sir I have no ill intentions nor do I want to disturb old sir"s isolation. It is just that this map fragment is extremely important to me. I implore old sir to accommodate me!" As his gaze swept across the surroundings Xiao Yan shouted.
"Hmph. Back then I spent a lot of effort in order to obtain this thing. Although I still do not exactly know what it is for despite studying it for over a decade I do at least know that the secret...
Chapter 179: Yao Lao Taking Action
Within the environment of the permeating icy fog it was as though one had walked into a space filled with cold air. The surrounding white fog was widespread and one could not see an end to it.
In the midst of the white fog the old man raised his head as he watched the young man in midair with an astonished face. A moment later his expression gradually turned grave as he growled in a low voice "Boy what is this Secret Technique?"
It was not at all strange that the old man would feel so shocked. Although on this Dou Qi continent there was no shortage of some Secret Techniques that could swiftly raise one"s strength the rank of these Secret Techniques were at least of the Di Rank. On this Dou Qi continent the people or forces that could take out such a Secret Technique were only a few ultimate forces or extremely strong people that could be counted with one"s fingers. In the eyes of these ultimately strong forces or people the strong people in the Jia Ma Empire were undoubtedly just like fireflies who were competing with the bright moon on their brightness.
"Don"t tell me this brat originates from one of those forces?" A shocking thought flashed across...
Chapter 180: The One Who Was Once Among the Top Ten. Ice Emperor!
Eyeing the old man in front of him who was covered in a layer of demonic and mysterious white ice Xiao Yan heaved a sigh of relief. He waved his hand apologetically at the old man before turning around and leaving.
"Boy I really underestimated you." Just as Xiao Yan was turning his body the tired voice of the old man was released from the layer of ice.
Pausing his footsteps Xiao Yan tilted his head and watched the old man in the layer of ice slowly open his eyes. However Xiao Yan didn"t feel any panic in his heart. This was because he knew that with the strength the old man currently had it was impossible for him to break out of the barrier that Yao Lao had placed.
Sighing Xiao Yan bitterly smiled "Old sir I have already said that I do not have any intention of becoming enemies with you. It is just that this thing is really important to me therefore..."
"Ha ha it is really unexpected that after living in isolation here for over twenty years I would actually be thrown into such a dire state by a kid today. It really is somewhat sad." The old man"s voice was a little desolated. A moment later however his tone suddenly changed. His gaze passed through the demonic...
Chapter 181: Journey Through The Desert
Seeing Xiao Yan nod his head Hai Bodong finally sighed in relief. The smile on his old face grew a little wider.
"Give me the medicinal formula... Oh yes you know the rule when hiring an alchemist to refine medicine don"t you?" Xiao Yan smiled at Hai Bodong. "Prepare the ingredients yourself!"
Hai Bodong nodded with a bitter smile. He naturally knew the rule but all the same his dry palm grabbed threads of hair that could be counted as a beard as he said with some embarrassment "I have gathered most of the medicinal ingredients required by the medicinal formula. However I am still missing one of them."
"This medicinal ingredient"s name is Sand"s Datura can only be found in the Tager Desert and is easiest to find in places where the temperature is higher.... You should know that I train using an ice type Qi Technique. Additionally my body also has the seal Queen Medusa left behind. If I step into the inner regions of the Tager Desert she will discover my presence... so..."
Seeing Hai Bodong"s embarrassed expression Xiao Yan rolled his eyes and curled his lips as he said "You...
Chapter 182: Tough Training in the Desert
In the vast desert a sandstorm raged. A young man wearing the long robes of an alchemist was slowly advancing through the sandstorm. The deep footprints left in the yellow sand behind him were covered by the sandstorm in a moment burying all traces of his passage.
The environment within the Tager Desert was more harsh than what Xiao Yan had expected. Under the exposure of the hot sun the yellow sand under his feet was like scalding small metal pieces causing Xiao Yan to involuntarily twitch his mouth each time his feet stepped on it.
As Xiao Yan slowly walked the wind blowing toward his face carried fine grains of sand that smashed against his face causing Xiao Yan to feel a slight stinging sensation. The pain caused Xiao Yan to circulate his Dou Qi all the time forming a faint Dou Qi mask over his face in order to prevent the possibility of the sandstorm disfiguring him.
Despite the desert environment being extremely harsh the fire type energy that it contained made Xiao Yan a lot more pleased. It was perhaps due to the exposure of the sun that resulted in this place having a much richer...
Chapter 183: Coincidental Meeting
The golden colored sand was the main tune within this vast desert. Violent winds carried the sand engulfing the space between the land and the sky while howling unceasingly.
On a sand dune Xiao Yan who was naked above the waist frowned tightly as he looked at the map in his hand. It had been over ten days since he had entered the Tager Desert. After over ten days of walking Xiao Yan had finally approached the region marked by the flame symbol on the map. However since he had entered this region yesterday Xiao Yan was unable to find any traces of a "Heavenly Flame" despite having searched for an entire day.
"Why is there nothing? Don"t tell me that we were misled by that old man?" Xiao Yan frowned and said as he waved the goatskin map in his hand and lifted his head to face Yao Lao who was floating in midair.
"This... I"m not sure. The surrounding landscape is not much different from other places. I am also unable to feel any spot with unusual movement" Yao Lao slowly descended and helplessly said.
"If there isn"t anything wrong with the map... it is very likely that this place does not have any traces of a "Heavenly Flame"..." Xiao Yan shook his head and sighed.
"Maybe."
"Ugh......
Chapter 184: First Meeting With the Snake-People Initial Show of a Dou Shi"s Power
The sudden appearance of a young man with a naked upper body caused both sides to be a little stunned. A moment later however the side with the mercenaries gradually became calm. Since the one who arrived was a human they believed that he would at the very least not help the Snake-People.
The group of Snake-People upon seeing Xiao Yan this uninvited guest became furious. The triangle-shaped pupils of the Snake-People"s leader coldly swept toward Xiao Yan. Without saying anything he waved his hand and two five star Dou Zhe Snake-People swung their tails and charged at Xiao Yan with fierce expressions.
Lifting his eyes Xiao Yan gently sniffed the faint fishy wind that was blowing toward him. He frowned slightly then slowly grabbed the hilt of the Heavy Xuan Ruler. After raising his leg gently he abruptly stomped down and his body suddenly went from being static to moving rapidly. Under everyone"s gazes a human figure swiftly interlocked with and then passed by the two Snake-People like lightning.
"Bang bang!"
Just after the figures crossed each other Xiao Yan"s body suddenly paused. The two Snake-People with fierce expressions were dragged along the sand"s surface as they shot backwards seemingly having received a heavy blow. As they were thrown backwards a mouthful of fresh blood was violently vomited out from each of them.
The palm of Xiao Yan tightly holding the hilt of the Heavy Xuan Ruler relaxed slightly as Xiao Yan licked his lips and moved his gaze to the two Snake-People who were sent flying for dozens of meters by the heavy ruler. Having received such a heavy blow even if they did not die they would end up seriously injured.
"Hiss..."
From the time Xiao Yan and the the Snake-People crossed each other till the time the Snake-People vomited blood and retreated only a short ten seconds had passed. However in these ten seconds the victor was determined.
Watching Xiao Yan with his thunderbolt-like attack the ten mercenaries had their mouths wide open. Their faces were filled with astonishment as they stared at the young man"s back with stunned eyes. It was difficult for them to imagine how this thin frame managed to hide this kind of terrifying strength within it.
"This guy... how violent." Opening her red mouth as she stared at Xiao Yan who...
Chapter 185: Brothers
During the journey to Rock Desert City Xue Lan had make some subtle inquiries in order to confirm Xiao Yan"s identity but each time she would be vaguely handled by Xiao Yan. Regarding this she could only helplessly glare at him.
Although Xiao Yan did not admit it himself after Xue Lan"s careful and detailed observation of his appearance a certainty appeared in her heart. The young male Dou Shi in front of her was definitely the strange younger brother Xiao Ding and Xiao Li ahd talked about Xiao Yan!
After becoming certain of Xiao Yan"s identity the gaze Xue Lan gave Xiao Yan had a little less caution and more smiles and gentleness.
While they chatted along the way the outline of the huge city that sat outside the eastern region of the Tager Desert also faintly appeared within the the group"s sight.
Seeing the Rock Desert City closeby Xue Lan and the others heaved a long sigh. Even the smile on Xiao Yan"s face widened. Having spent over ten days walking and enduring tough training in the desert his spirit was also a little tired. Now that he had a place to rest it was natural that he was a little excited.
Under the happy cheers of everyone Xiao Yan and the rest of the group slowly arrived at the city"s entrance and swarmed into it.
Compared to the cities in the inner regions of the empire the cities in the desert...
Chapter 186: Qing Lin
On the night after Xiao Yan had arrived in Rock Desert City Xiao Yan who had never touched liquor made an exception and went happily to a liquor stall with Xiao Ding and Xiao Li.
The next day when Xiao Yan woke up from his sleep his mind felt clouded and his opened eyes were blurry. He realized that the sky was already bright. Rubbing his somewhat painful head he tilted his head and eyed the thin quilt on his body before he gradually sat up. After violently swinging his head he smiled bitterly crossed his legs together and formed the training seal on his hand. He entered the training mode and began to expel the remaining liquor in his body.
After training for a while Xiao Yan gently flicked his finger and a thread of dense liquor vapor shot out from it.
Once he had expelled the alcohol from his body Xiao Yan comfortably smoothed out his breath. He then opened his eyes gradually and once again recovered the calmness he had.
"Ga Zhi."
Not long after Xiao Yan opened his eyes the room"s door was suddenly gently pushed opened. A lovely and pretty figure quietly entered. However when she saw Xiao Yan sitting on the bed she was slightly surprised and hurriedly bowed. In a timid voice she asked "Young Master Xiao Yan have you woken...
Chapter 187: Competition
"Young master wake up..."
Early in the morning Qing Lin softly shouted. Her hands were placed on her narrow waist while her exquisite small face helplessly watched Xiao Yan on the bed hugging his quilt and sleeping.
Under Qing Lin"s shout Xiao Yan semi-consciously opened his eyes. With heavy eyelids he lazily sat up and did not know if he wanted to laugh or cry as he looked at Qing Lin pouting her lips beside him. With a sigh he gave up the thought of lying lazily in bed. With the support of Qing Lin"s gentle and tender small hands he quickly put on his clothes.
"Young Master you cannot blame Qing Lin for disturbing your sleep. Today is the day of Desert Metal Mercenary Company"s competition that occurs once every three months and is also the most lively time of the Company in the three months. Last night you had even reminded me to wake you up or else..." Having said until this point a bright redness faintly appeared on Qing Lin"s exquisite small face as she said in a voice that could not be heard "Else you said that Qing Lin"s bottom will suffer."
"*Cough*..." During early morning when a man just woke up it was the...
Chapter 188: A Competition Between Brothers
On the huge empty yard a silver and a purple human figure appeared to have torn out two pathways in the messy battleground. A long empty space was left where the both of them passed.
"Bang!" Following the clear sound of metals coming into contact with each other a ferocious energy wave violently flowed out from the center of the battleground. Instantly the messy fighting that was going on within a ten meter radius of them both was cleared into an empty circle was formed.
Tightly holding the Heavy Xuan Ruler Xiao Yan lifted his eyes and stared at the long spear that was trickily stabbing at him like a poisonous snake. At the top of the spear was a silver electric arc that jumped repeatedly. Taking in a light breath Xiao Yan violently swung the heavy ruler in his hand.
"Clang!" The tip of the spear struck against the huge body of the ruler. Under the pressure of the strength the heavy ruler carried the narrow and weak long spear was crushed into a alarming arc with the tip closing in on the spear handle where Xiao Li was holding.
"Hee hee boy you are quite strong." Seeing that he was at a slight disadvantage after the first exchange Xiao Li could not help but smile. On his palm Dou Qi began...
Chapter 189: Qing Lin"s Discovery
Seeing that within a few minutes the fight within the battleground had suddenly changed everybody around the battleground widened their eyes clearly stunned. It was difficult to imagine that Xiao Li someone who almost no one could match in the company would actually be mysteriously defeated by Xiao Yan who was younger than him by seven or eight years.
Within the battleground Xiao Li stared at the tip of the spear and was stunned for a long while before he finally recovered. His gaze swept across the smiling Xiao Yan in front of him and clicked his tongue as he shook his head. He sighed "Little boy how unexpected. You have hid so well. The strength that you had displayed does not appear to be merely that of a normal one star Dou Shi."
"Ke ke I was merely lucky." Shaking his head while laughing Xiao Yan inserted the spear into the ground and then headed to where the Heavy Xuan Ruler was a short distance away. He was about to lift it up when Xiao Li beside him stopped him with a smile.
"Let me try. This ruler... seems a little strange." Xiao Li curiously stared...
Chapter 190: Surveying The Terrain
In the vast desert the yellow sand raged.
"Qing Lin are you certain that it"s here?" Xiao Yan"s face was filled with surprise as he watched the flat desert in front of him. The terrain here was extremely ordinary with nothing special that would attract one"s attention and there were countless similar places within the deser. It was difficult for Xiao Yan to imagine that there were traces of a "Heavenly Flame" in such a humble place.
Behind Xiao Yan were Xiao Ding and Xiao Li. At the same time there were tens of elite members of the Desert Metal Mercenary Company. At the moment however they were all throwing suspicious gazes at Qing Lin in front of them who was leading the way. For these people who had lived in Rock Desert City for a few years or even more than a decade this place was so extremely ordinary. Moreover some of these people had even come here a couple of times to perform their assignment. They had never felt anything unusual here compared to other places...
Despite being the focus of everyone"s attention Qing Lin who was a little timid summoned up her courage stared at Xiao Yan and said "Young Master based on my senses the unusual occurrence that happened half a year...
Chapter 191: Settling the Trouble
"Who do you think you are? How dare you speak to me in this manner?" Hearing Xiao Yan"s words Mo Xing first stilled. Soon after he saw Xiao Yan"s young face and immediately became furious. Xiao Li and Xiao Ding were the Company Leaders of the Desert Metal Mercenary Company so it was nothing strange for them to be rude when talking to him. However this little boy who appeared to be only a youth actually dared to rudely scold him. How could this not cause Mo Xing to be infuriated from shame.
Just after Mo Xing"s reprimand left his mouth Xiao Li"s expression suddenly became cold. An electric arc leapt from the tungsten steel spear that he held in his hand. He took a step forward and shot his long spear which carried a sharp force viciously toward Mo Xing"s throat.
Xiao Li"s sudden lethal attack caused Mo Xing"s expression to drastically change. He had not expected that the other side would be so bold. However Xiao Li"s strength was above his own so he could only hurriedly step back in an embarrassed manner. When he was stepping back he suddenly sprained his ankle and fell on his butt in front...
Chapter 192: Passageway
Outside the Rock Desert City the hot sun was shining from high above while the members of the Desert Metal Mercenary Company continued their detailed search.
"Big Brother have you realized that there doesn"t seem to be even a single Sand Mercenary Company member around here?" Standing on the top of one of the sand dunes Xiao Li"s gaze swept across his surroundings. A long while later he frowned tilted his head and told Xiao Ding beside him.
"Hehe not only are they absent here even in the Rock Desert City the number of the Sand Mercenary Company members roaming around has strangely decreased by a lot. And according to my latest news... Last night Mo Xing seemed to have died. But Luo Bu did not become furious because of this. Instead he was so quiet that it was as if he did not know about it." A hint of ridicule appeared in Xiao Ding"s eyes as he smiled and said "Xiao-Yan-Zi is becoming harder and harder to see through. He gave such a treatment to the Sand Mercenary Company but was able to frighten Luo Bu until he dare not even fart. Tsk tsk what kind of strength is needed to do this? I really...
Chapter 193: Probing
Within the pitch-black tunnel Xiao Yan hugged Qing Lin tightly as they used the incline of the tunnel to continue descending. In Qing Lin"s hand was a Moonlight Stone. It emitted a gentle and faint light allowing Xiao Yan to see if the route in front had any obstructions.
Not far behind the two of them over ten faint lights closely followed. Everyone had their backs leaning against the tunnel"s wall which created a "chi chi" sound that reverberated within the tunnel.
As his body was descending Xiao Yan"s gaze swept across the two tunnel walls by the side. A long while later he was somewhat stunned to realize that the tunnel was extremely smooth. There were no rocks protruding from the wall. Looking at the tunnel it would seem that it was created by some enormous pillar of energy that charged directly through the ground.
After two to three minutes of descending at the same speed Xiao Yan finally saw the bottom of the tunnel. His legs bent slightly and a moment later his bent body reached the ground releasing a soft muffled sound. As his body straightened he completely nullified the...
Chapter 194: The Mysterious Creature In The Magma
Fiery red magma was slowly flowing within the enormous crypt. Occasionally there would be huge bubbles of air floating out from within it. A moment later there would be a soft "bang" as the bubbles burst apart. The hot magma would shoot out from within appearing as beautiful as a fiery red firework.
Standing at the end of the small tunnel Xiao Yan Xiao Ding and Qing Lan stared at the never ending magma world. Other than being shocked they all involuntarily swallowed their saliva.
"I didn"t expect... that hidden under Rock Desert City there would be such a terrifying place." With a layer of dark green colored light on his body Xiao Ding wiped the perspiration from his face and sighed with shock.
"Yes what a majestic underground magma world..." Xiao Yan"s body was similarly covered by a layer of a Dou Qi cloak. Despite this the surrounding temperature also caused his entire body to feel hot.
"Where do we go now? There isn"t any path left. Moreover I trained using a wood type Qi Method which is subdued by the fire type energy. If I did not possess the strength of a five star Dou Shi I think that I wouldn"t...
Chapter 195: Attacked
The mysterious living creature broke out from the magma and let out a sharp neigh. It shot explosively toward Xiao Yan in mid air sending magma flying randomly around. The calm magma lake had suddenly become irritable. Numerous magma flame pillars shot up giving off a very majestic scene.
In the sky Xiao Yan"s wings swiftly flapped. The sudden surging magma lake had also caused the skin on his head to turn numb. He clenched his teeth tightly as he fled with all his might.
With the help of the Purple Cloud Wings Xiao Yan"s speed was very fast. However the mysterious creature"s speed did not lose to his. As the neighing sound disappeared it took off at a speed faster than expected for its size. It gradually caught up with Xiao Yan opened its huge mouth sinisterly and shot out three fork like bright red tongue like sharp arrows.
"Young Master. Be careful. It is behind you!" At the tunnel"s exit Qing Lin screamed with a sharp voice as she stared at the huge living creature which was gradually catching up with Xiao Yan. Her face was filled with shock.
By her side Xiao Ding"s face...
Chapter 196: Two-Headed Flame Spirit Serpent
"What do we do now? With this creature guarding you don"t have a chance to enter." Sitting beside Xiao Yan Xiao Ding asked with a bitter smile.
Xiao Yan sighed gently. He placed an "Energy Recovery Pill" into his mouth. His throat rolled as he swallowed it. After musing for awhile he said softly "Regardless of what happens I must get my hands on this "Heavenly Flame". I know how difficult it is to obtain a "Heavenly Fame" so I"m already mentally prepared. The difficulty now does not exceed the level which I can bare."
"You still want to try? Seeing the attacking strength of that two-headed snake its strength should be around that of a rank four Magic Beast which is equivalent to the strength of a Dou Ling. Moreover this place is filled with hot magma. Even if a Dou Wang were to come here he or she would have difficulty in killing it!" Hearing Xiao Yan"s words Xiao Ding frowned and said gravely.
"Hehe if this beast wants to block me then I"ll have to kill it..." Xiao Yan laughed softly. A thick icy expression surfaced on his face. His eyes...
Chapter 197: Yao Lao Taking Action
In the enormous magma crypt world a deep red flame was permeating in midair. The air carried a poisonous vapor. This world was one where an ordinary human would die the moment he came into the slightest contact with it.
At the spot in midair where the dark red colored flame was hovering a young man"s figure gradually appeared. As the human figure appeared the surrounding permeating red colored flame also suddenly swarmed toward his body.
At that moment the young man"s figure had turned into something like a black hole. The surrounding red colored flame wildly poured into his body resulting in the formation of an enormous flame vortex in the air of the crypt. At the middle of the vortex was the young man"s figure.
Following this greedy consumption the surrounding permeating red colored flame grew increasingly faint. In the end the flames were completely consumed into Xiao Yan"s body.
When the final thread of flame gradually disappeared the human figure in the middle was finally revealed...
Xiao Yan was standing indifferently in midair. There was a thin...
Chapter 198: Triple Jade-Green Snake Flower Pupils
The screech continued resounding through the air. As the screech grew louder and clearer the three green colored spots in Qing Lin"s eyes suddenly let out a bright glow. The three spots transformed into three tiny green colored flowers in an instant...
Following the appearance of these strange green colored flowers an intense glow suddenly shot out from Qing Lin"s eyes and struck the Flame Spirit Serpent in front of her.
Being exposed to this somewhat strange glow the huge body of the Flame Spirit Serpent suddenly stiffened. Its pair of huge eyes were filled with some fear as they stared at the little girl in front of it.
The strange glow slowly moved on the Flame Spirit Serpent"s body and finally stopped at the middle of the two foreheads of the two snake heads... After the glow stopped moving it began to gradually shrink. As the size of the glow became smaller the light that it gave off grew increasingly rich.
The area of the glow continued to become smaller. At the end it was around the size of a palm. When the glow shrunk to this size it ceased becoming smaller....
Chapter 199: Under the Crypt
The instant before Xiao Yan was about to enter the fiery red magma lake a thick white flame suddenly flowed out from his body and wrapped around him.
"Splash..." His body shot into the magma causing the fiery red magma to splash in all directions.
Hearing this sound Xiao Ding and Qing Lin above hurriedly shifted their gaze toward the spot on the magma where there were some ripples. However they did not see any human figure...
"Where is he?" Watching the scene that suggested something had instantly vaporised Xiao Ding involuntarily turned his head to Qing Lin by his side and shouted.
"Ah?" Qing Lin took a small step back. Her face was pale as she eyed the calm magma lake. The person who had just jumped into it seemed to have instantly turned into ashes the moment he came into contact with the magma without even letting out a scream.
"Hiss..." A hissing sound from the Flame Spirit Serpent was suddenly emitted from the magma.
Hearing this hissing sound a joyful expression surfaced on Qing Lin"s face. Her gaze hurriedly swept across the magma. A human figure covered with a thick white flame suddenly surfaced from the magma and smiled...
Chapter 200: Green Lotus Core Flame
"Green Lotus Core Flame?"
Hearing Yao Lao"s voice Xiao Yan"s mind recalled some of the information about the "Heavenly Flames" on the "Heavenly Flame" ranking that Yao Lao had once told him.
""Green Lotus Core Flame" is nineteenth on the "Heavenly Flame" ranking. It is formed deep underground and has experienced the polishing fusion pressure and carving from the planet"s flame... It forms a spirit in ten years takes shape in a hundred years and turns into a lotus in a thousand years. When it is completely formed its color would slant toward the greenish side and the lotus core would form a cluster of green flame named as "Green Lotus Flame" or "Green Lotus Core Flame". The strength of this flame is unpredictable. When it is near volcanoes it can cause volcanoes to erupt forming a mayira; destructive strength.
This information swiftly flashed in Xiao Yan"s mind. A wild joy instantly covered his face. Shaking his body Xiao Yan pulled away from the Flame Spirit Serpent as his eyes stared intently at the large rich green light a short distance away.
u""Hiss..." Beside him a sharp sound was emitted from the Flame Spirit Serpent. Xiao Yan turned around and found that within this huge beasts eyes there was a faint fear as it stared at the cluster..."
Chapter 201: Gaining a Little
Eyeing Xiao Yan who had pounced onto the green lotus Yao Lao helplessly shook his head. Xiao Yan had obviously not overcome his shock: did he really think that this green lotus could be directly cut off?
Yao Lao let out a sigh. He waved his palm and a suction force stilled Xiao Yan"s body just above the green lotus before pulling him back and throwing him by Yao Lao"s side.
"Fool." Tilting his head and seeing that Xiao Yan was staring at him in an confused manner Yao Lao laughed bitterly and took out a metal sword from the storage ring. After which he randomly threw it at the green lotus.
When the metal sword was about to reach somewhere above the green lotus a pale-green colored flame suddenly spat out from the green lotus. The metal sword was burnt into a writhing liquid in the blink of an eye.
Observing this scene cold sweat appeared on Xiao Yan"s forehead. He swallowed his saliva and smiled awkwardly at Yao Lao.
"This green lotus is the pride of nature. Any ordinary metal that touches it will promptly melt. If you want to cut it open you must use pure jade tools in order to avoid tarnishing it." Yao Lao faintly said. Immediately he...
Chapter 202: Promotion! Setting Out on A Journey!
"Ga Chi..."
The room"s door was gently opened under the flickering light as Xiao Yan stumbled in. After violently shaking his head throwing out the dizziness in his mind he turned his hand around to close the room"s door before he walked unsteadily to the side of the bed and sat down.
"Hu..." Xiao Yan gently released a breath of alcohol as he rubbed his somewhat painful head. He could not help but let out a bitter laugh. Since his two brothers knew he was leaving tomorrow they forced him to drink with them earlier. If he did not need to worry about leaving tomorrow he would have drank till they were asleep.
Xiao Yan removed his shoes and sat cross-legged on the bed. His hands formed the training seal and his breath gradually became calm and strong. A long while later some alcohol vapor shot out from Xiao Yan"s finger.
After removing the alcohol in his body Xiao Yan finally felt that his mind was much clearer. He mused for a moment before he suddenly tapped gently on his storage ring. A green light grew in the room and quickly disappeared. In the blink of an eye a green colored Lotus Seat suddenly appeared in midair quietly in front of him.
As he watched the Green Lotus Seat...
Chapter 203: The Inner Regions of The Desert
In the bright and sunny sky the huge sun hung high above much like a huge fireball that was unceasingly emitting flames. The hot sunlight scattered across the golden yellow desert grilling the tiny sand particles into red-hot small metal pieces.
Due to the high temperature in the desert threads of hot air rose from the yellow sand heating the air till it was distorted and became illusory.
In the never ending desert a black colored human figure suddenly appeared. From his travel worn expression it was clear that he had stayed in the desert for quite some time.
The human figure took somewhat heavy steps as he gradually climbed a tall sand dune. He gazed afar in all directions before taking out a goatskin map from within a storage ring and carefully studying the precise routes on it.
"From the route on the map we seem to be gradually approaching the inner regions of the Tager Desert..." Xiao Yan"s finger traced a route as it slowly moved across the map. He then licked his dry mouth and mumbled softly to himself.
"Ugh. This damn Tager Desert. Isn"t it...
Chapter 204: Snake-Woman Yue Mei
Among the women that Xiao Yan knew if one were to discuss about being enchanting and glamorous only Ya Fei from Wu Tan City would be able to compare to this woman.
"Cluck..." Staring at this enchanting woman Xiao Yan"s throat rolled a little. His palm gradually moved toward his thigh and gave it a hard pinch. The intense pain allowed him to recover some of his consciousness. Sweeping his gaze toward the lady"s side he found a green colored snake tail under the transparent lake water. It swayed around releasing a wild seductive feel.
"Snake-People..." Xiao Yan softly mumbled. His eyes narrowed and an instant later shock covered his face. He realized that even with his Spiritual Perception he was unable to discover what level this naked woman had reached.
"This is quite troublesome... this woman is at least at the Dou Ling or Dou Wang level." Swallowing his saliva Xiao Yan who had roughly guessed the woman"s strength was about to choose to withdraw when the naked woman in the lake suddenly shifted her bright eyes over to Xiao Yan"s position. He immediately said with shock in his heart "How could she discover me with...
Chapter 205: A Terrifying Line-up
The huge silver moon hung high in the sky. Faint moonlight shined down upon the entire desert as if covering it in a layer of silver yarn.
"Xiu..." In the quiet desert the sound of breaking wind suddenly appeared in the distance. A moment later a black figure abruptly surfaced from the northern horizon and ferociously slashed passed. The intense wind pressure formed from the high speed created a huge sand tunnel that was over a hundred meters long on the desert floor.
In the yellow sand-filled sky the black figure gradually disappeared over the skyline. Before the scattered yellow sand had completely descended however another black figure once again swept over like a storm. With an even more ferocious flying speed it directly caused the tunnel that was formed by the black figure from before to almost double its size.
"Dammit. Isn"t this woman too persistent? Does she need to spend so much effort on a small Dou Shi like me?" Xiao Yan was hurriedly flapping his wings when he heard the sound of breaking wind a short distance behind him. He tilted his head and glanced at the swiftly chasing Yue Mei. Although they were still...
Chapter 206: The Fight Between The Strong
Watching the six people who leaped down from the Magic Beast a trace of fear seeped into Yue Mei"s astonished expression. Her anxious gaze swept over the black-robed person and instantly ignored Xiao Yan. Her figure quickly retreated back tens of meters as she coldly watched the group. With cold laughter she asked "What wind has blown over this desert tonight? When have the rarely seen hermits start to enjoy forming groups?"
"Haha it is really unexpected that we would be able to meet a strong person of the Dou Wang level after just arriving in this vast desert. You should be one of the chiefs from the eight large tribes of the Snake-People no?" Among the new people the middle aged man stepped forward and laughed as he stared at Yue Mei in the distance.
Seated on the sand dune the shock on Xiao Yan"s face gradually disappeared. He blinked and stealthily swept his gaze over the eight people. He realized that among these eight people other than that black-robed person who was so mysterious that one could not see his strength the others appeared to faintly view the middle aged man as a leader.
"Who is he? He could actually get so many strong people to...
Chapter 207: The Mysterious Black-Robed Person
Xiao Yan watched the distant battle with an expression of shock on his face. The occasional remnant waves that were emitted from the battle caused Xiao Yan"s heart to tremble. According to his calculations if he was not alert and was struck by these remanent waves that were emitted from the battle he would instantly become seriously injured.
"Is this what a battle between Dou Wangs is like?" Xiao Yan could not help but swallow his saliva as he blankly watched huge cracks spread out from where the battle between the three was taking place.
"Bang!"An intense energy explosion suddenly sounded as the yellow sand splashed and filled the sky. A moment later the yellow sand gradually sprinkled down. Three shadows also shot backwards from the battleground.
Three pairs of eyes looked at each other in midair. All of them contained a killing intent that they did not hide.
Sweeping his gaze over the battle that had suddenly calmed down Xiao Yan realized that among the three the Yue Mei who had gone a little pale was obviously at a disadvantage. Yan Shi and Feng Li on the other hand only had their clothes torn slightly because of their combined...
Chapter 208: Rushing Into The Tribe At Night
Watching the vast desert Xiao Yan gradually recovered. He lowered his head glanced at the ring on his finger and helplessly said "Teacher you should be able to come out now."
Hearing Xiao Yan"s words the dark black ancient looking ring trembled slightly and Yao Lao slowly floated out. His gaze first swept over to the horizon where the people from before disappeared and then turned toward Xiao Yan. He smiled and said with some deeper meaning "Looks like something big is going to happen in this desert."
Xiao Yan nodded his head. With such a group of very strong people arriving it would be strange if this desert did not become a mess. It was likely that after Yue Mei returned the Snake-People tribes in the desert would become heavily armed and guarded.
"Why have they come to the Tager Desert? Is the Jia Ma Empire thinking of starting a war with the Snake-People again?" Xiao Yan frowned and said uncertainly.
"Hearing their discussion from before it seemed that they intended to look for Queen Medusa." Yao Lao said blandly.
"Look for Queen Medusa huh... although their line-up is very strong Queen Medusa is far from weak. Moreover there are many other strong people among the eight large tribes of the Snake-People. Once they get the chance to gather together...
Chapter 209: The City At The Heart Of the Desert
In the vast desert dozens of fully armed Snake-People carrying poison spears in their hands carefully inspected this small plot of land with sharp eyes. Any living creature that was not of the Snake-People race would be killed without mercy.
The Snake-People in the unit criss-crossed with each other as they patrolled. Scars caused by the swaying of their snake-tails were left behind wherever the squad passed through.
"These damn humans. They actually dared to be arrogant enough to break into the inner regions of the desert. If I capture them I must let them taste the pain of being bitten by ten thousand snakes!" Under the hot sun a Snake-Person who appeared to be the leader wiped off his sweat and swore.
"Squad Leader what exactly happened? Why has our tribe suddenly entered into a state of martial law?" A Snake-Person impatiently swung his tail sweeping his gaze across the vast desert and asked in a confused voice. He was dragged out early in the morning and forced to start searching throughout the entire desert.
Hearing this Snake-Person"s question the other ten plus Snake-People nearby also shifted their confused gaze at the leader. Clearly these Snake-People who...
Chapter 210: Queen Medusa
In the spacious and luxurious large palace a beautiful figure appeared a little tired as she gently leaned against the back of her chair. Occasionally she would lazily sweep her gaze over an empty purple-colored crystal throne on a tall platform and could not resist shaking her head.
The woman lifted her delicate hand to rub her smooth forehead when a sudden joy appeared on her pretty face. She lifted her hand toward the exterior of the palace and saw an ink black-colored figure shoot into the place in a lightning like manner.
"You have finally rushed over..." Seeing the ink black figure enter the palace the woman involuntarily sighed in relief.
"Yue Mei what exactly happened? The order for Martial Law was sent three times. Are those humans very strong?" The figure which entered the large palace was obviously a male Snake-Person. The figure of the man was somewhat sturdy with flimsy clothes randomly placed onto his body. His arms were completely covered with strange looking black-colored tattoos. At the point where the tattoos reached his palm they formed into two savage looking black-colored snake heads. The snake heads were slightly lifted...
Chapter 211: Pill-King Gu He"s Generous Offer!
Eyeing Queen Medusa who had appeared in the sky Gu He and Yan Shi the one who spoke with a thunder like voice involuntarily took a quiet step closer to the silent black-robed person. In this place she was the only one who could match Queen Medusa whose fierce reputation was feared throughout the Jia Ma Empire.
"You are looking for me?" In the sky Queen Medusa lowered her head and looked at Gu He. A delicate and narrow angle was formed as she lifted her red lips. In that instant her exquisite appearance was complemented by a bewitching aura. Her frown and her smile caused the Dou Lings around Gu He to instantly become absent minded.
Under the smiling gaze of Queen Medusa Gu He took in a gentle breath and suppressed the emotion in his heart. He lifted his head and smiled "Queen Medusa Your Majesty I am honored to meet you. I am Gu He of the Jia Ma Empire."
"Pill-King Gu He. I"ve heard of you. A tier six alchemist is really extraordinary. You actually even managed to request the help of a Dou Huang." Queen Medusa eyes swept across the mysterious black-robed person at one side as she said with a smile.
"Tell me why are you here to look for me? Although your...
Chapter 212: Failed Negotiation
Hearing Queen Medusa"s words which implied rejection many people were stunned. Although the strength of a "Heavenly Flame" was extremely great it should not have much of an appeal to the Snake-People race. After all this kind of wild and extremely destructive "Heavenly Flame" was like water to fire for their icy blood.
Thus when they heard Queen Medusa using a somewhat regretful tone to reject the offer Gu He as well as Yan Shi Feng Li and the others beside him had completely stunned faces.
"Has this woman"s mind spoiled... what"s the point in keeping a "Heavenly Flame" that does not have much benefit to her? Was it not better to exchange it for something that would be useful to her and create a win-win scenario?" Yao Shi helplessly shook his head and softly mumbled in puzzlement.
Beside him Feng Lin also shook his head. His face was filled with incomprehension.
Compared to their shock Yue Mei and Mo Basi on the city wall were much calmer. From the rejection of Queen Medusa they had clearly understood what exactly she was planning to do...
"Ugh as expected. Her Majesty really looks like she wants to do that. Otherwise. it would have been unlikely for...
Chapter 213: Rushing For Time
The moment the black-robed person destroyed the energy body of Queen Medusa fury rose up onto the faces of Yue Mei and Mo Basi at the same time. The latter suddenly turned his head around and roared toward the countless guards on the city wall below "Kill these humans!"
Hearing Mo Basi"s order a deafening acknowledgement sounded angrily from the city wall. Countless Snake-People tightly gripped the poison spears in their hands hurriedly taking two steps backwards and abruptly charged forward. The poison spears were released from their hands and instantly a black pressuring rain of poison spears shot toward the black-robed person nearby and Gu He"s group. The sharp whistling sound caused the people"s ears to ring.
The black-robed person did not move her body as she watched the gigantic poison spear rain in the sky with an indifferent manner. She waved her sleeves gently. Immediately an enormous green-colored tornado suddenly appeared in front of her. The green tornado rotated at high speed and the yellow sand on the ground was pulled to the point where it surged into the air.
Eyeing the tornado that was growing in size the black-robed...
Chapter 214: Seeing the Green Lotus Core Flame Again!
Xiao Yan"s body was like a fish as it broke through the water and entered into the transparent lake. His eyes glanced at the thick white flame on his body"s surface and could not help but swallow his saliva. At that moment under the strange temperature of the "Bone Chilling Flame" the surrounding water was beginning to tumble as though it was boiling. As it continued to emit white-colored water bubbles threads of dark purple liquid that was difficult to see with one"s eyes gradually appeared. However when these tendrils of dark purple liquid came into contact with the thick white flame they were frozen by the "Bone Chilling Flame" into extremely tiny ice threads that gradually sunk to the bottom of the lake.
Eying the small purple-colored ice threads that continued to form around his body Xiao Yan felt the skin on his head grow numb. He did not expect that this lake which appeared extremely calm would actually have so much hidden fatal poison liquid.
"Stop wasting time! These poison liquids are extremely potent. Although having the protection of the "Heavenly Flame" can prevent them from entering your body it depletes far too much of my Spiritual Strength!" Just...
Chapter 215: Beginning The Evolution
Within the fresh green bamboo forest a jade-white perfect voluptuous all around lovely body was releasing a temptation that could turn the mouths of others dry.
The beautiful appearance inadvertently let out a bewitchment that was much like an alluring demon. Her long white neck revealed a graceful angle and when one"s gaze shifted lower a standing bountiful chest that was perfectly round tender and lovely appeared. Perhaps it was because of the high temperature but a drop of a crystal water droplet appeared around her neck and began to roll down. It artfully drew across her full round chest and finally formed a somewhat obscene angle as it dripped down.
Her narrow waist seamed to be too small for a full embrace. However a flexible feeling seeped out of its meager size. The flat and delicate lower abdomen did not have the slightest bit of excess flesh. With just a glance it caused people to possess the impulse of extending their hands to roam around it.
Under the narrow waist there was a purple color snake tail that was filled with wildness. The snake tail swayed slightly undoubtedly exposing a peculiar loveliness.
Within the small bamboo forest...
Chapter 216: Successful Evolution?
Hearing the piercing shrill that Queen Medusa let out from within the "Heavenly Flame" Xiao Yan"s body gave a violent cold shudder. His gaze passed through the cover of the bamboo leaves and looked at the cluster of green-colored flame in midair. Within it the enormous purple snake was wildly thrashing its huge body about. With the places that were visible to Xiao Yan"s eyes he could clearly see that the snake scales on the purple snake"s body began to quickly become distorted not long after they entered the "Heavenly Flame". Finally they were charred black by the "Heavenly Flame" before fell weakly from the purple snake"s body.
After the snake scales fell from its body bright red fresh blood began to gush out. However the instant after the fresh blood appeared it was incinerated into nothingness by the "Heavenly Flame"s frightening temperature. Finally the body of the purple snake had new lines of frightening blood-colored scars.
"Zhi... zhi... "
Standing on the small island. Xiao Yan could even hear the squeaking sound that was emitted from the "Heavenly Flame". Due to the fresh blood swiftly being lost the enormous purple snake body was also shrinking...
Chapter 217: Seven-Colored Heaven Swallowing Python
Under Xiao Yan"s observation the charred black skin of the stiff huge snake corpse suddenly began shedding slowly...
The shedding speed gradually increased and finally Xiao Yan could roughly see that there seemed to be something in the huge snake corpse that was about to break through the body.
"Gu." Watching this strange scene all of Xiao Yan"s pores stood open. He swallowed his saliva and began to slowly turn around. His gaze stared intently at the enormous snake which was repeatedly shedding its charred black skin. Carefully taking a few steps back he hurriedly asked "Teacher what is happening?"
"Within the snake body a Qi has appeared ..." Yao Lao"s voice at the moment was much more serious.
"She succeeded in evolving?" Xiao Yan"s eyes shrunk as he asked dryly.
"... Seems like it. Be careful." Yao Lao was also uncertain of what was happening. Thus his reply was also somewhat vague.
Hearing this Xiao Yan felt his heart sink. An instant later he tilted his head toward the green-colored flame in midair and said decisively "Teacher. How do we obtain the "Heavenly...
Chapter 218: Reining In The Green Lotus Core Flame
Seeing the seven-colored small snake"s action Xiao Yan"s mouth opened and smiled bitterly in his heart. "I bet that this snake is definitely not Queen Medusa With her haughty character she would not be like this... The current her seems to be no different than a small snake that has just been born. The only difference is that its intelligence is much higher."
"Don"t tell me that the evolution destroyed its old memories?" Yao Lao was also very confused with regards to this.
"Huh..." Xiao Yan stilled for a moment and narrowed his eyes. An unknown meaning flashed from within them as he smiled and said "She seems to be interested with something in my ring."
As he spoke Xiao Yan"s finger gently tapped on his storage ring. A couple of things appeared on his palm. The small seven-colored snake moved closer. It swept its gaze across and swayed its snake tail while repeatedly shaking its head. Clearly the thing it wanted was not among these items.
Xiao Yan stored the things back into the storage ring. He was not frustrated as he patiently took out more things one by one out of the storage ring. A moment later when he once again took out a small jade bottle that was filled with a purple-colored liquid the small...
Chapter 219: Chaotic Situation
"What happened?"Gu He who had retreated some distance back uneasily returned to the side of the black-robed person after the frightening Qi disappeared.
"Something must have gone wrong during the evolution. That breath Qi completely disappeared." The black-robed person shook her head and said softly.
u""Did she fail?" Hearing the black-robed persons words Gu He stilled and with both regret and secret delight sighed immediately. His gaze stared intently at the shrine where the green-colored fog was gradually disappearing. He suddenly frowned and said "The presence of the "Heavenly Flame... why has it disappeared?""
"The energy ripple inside has already calmed down. As for the "Heavenly Flame" has it been destroyed by Queen Medusa?" The black-robed person replied in a somewhat hesitant manner.
"That should not be possible. Although Queen Medusa is very strong she is still an entire level too weak to destroy the "Heavenly Flame"." Gu He shook his head. As an alchemist he was naturally clear about the strength of a "Heavenly Flame".
"Wait until the fog scatters before we conduct a thorough search." Gu He knit his eyebrows together and helplessly said.
"Old He how is it?" Two glowing lights flew in from outside the city...
Chapter 220: Fleeing With a Treasure
As soon as Gu He and the rest flew up from the island and into the sky three rays of light appeared in a flash obstructing their path of flight. Yu Mei and the other two tribe leaders arrived in front of the Gu He"s group with icy cold faces and behind them was an overwhelming number of snake-people that covered the skies and ground.
"You come and go as you like what kind of place do you take my snake tribe for?" Yan Ci had fiery red Dou Qi covering his body. He resembled a raging inferno as he glared at Gu He and the others with his voice like a sound of rumbling thunder reverberating through the city.
"Scram!"
Seeing that his path was blocked Gu He angrily lifted his head to look at the now distant black figure and uncontrollably let out a thundering shout. Pale blue flames rapidly formed a fireball with a wave of his hand as he tossed it towards Yan Ci and the other snake-people with a violent and explosive strength.
With the appearance of the pale blue flame the surrounding temperature rose drastically. It looked like the flame from Gu He"s palm was not an ordinary Dou Qi flame. However...
Chapter 221: Fleeing for Thousands of Kilometers
"This is bad that Dou Huang is catching up. Isn"t that person"s speed too terrifying?" Seeing that the Dou Huang had managed to quickly escape from the obstruction of the Snake-People and successfully chase after him Xiao Yan felt the skin on his head turn numb. He hurriedly shouted in his heart "Teacher!"
"I know for the remaining journey allow me to support your escape. The other side has too many people so we cannot be delayed by them. Otherwise even if I can bring you to escape that "Heavenly Flame" will be stolen away by them!" At the moment Yao Lao"s voice had an additional seriousness. A lineup formed by a Dou Huang and three Dou Wangs was something that even he could not look down upon right now.
"Ok. I"ll leave it to you. Regardless of what happens we cannot lose the "Heavenly Flame" again." Xiao Yan nodded his head heavily and earnestly requested with a bitter smile.
"Ke ke I know!"
After agreeing with a smile Yao Lao gradually descended into silence. An incomparably ferocious Spiritual Strength violently surged out from Xiao Yan"s body. In the blink of an eye...
Chapter 222: Yun Zhi?
Within the desert sharps explosive sounds rang throughout the sky. The moment the explosive sound occurred a figure appeared paused for a moment and the next time he appeared he was a few hundred meters away.
The instant when this figure disappeared another black figure closely followed. The shape that this black figure adopted while flying through the sky was like a floating willow leaf. As the figure swayed there was a perfect combination of both speed and elegance which appeared extremely pleasing.
The speed of this black figure in the back could only be said to be better compared to the figure in front. Each time the figure shot forward like a whirlwind a faint afterimage would remain in place. A moment later it slowly disappeared under the hot sunlight. As the figure swept past there was once a maximum of eight after images that appeared in the sky. From this it can be imagined how terrifying the speed of the black figure was.
As one person fled and the other gave chase Xiao Yan"s body had once again turned into a small black spot that had appeared in the black-robed person"s sight.
The black-robed person lifted her head slightly and watched the black clothed figure ahead who was carrying the Green Lotus Seat and flying quickly. She frowned slightly and mumbled in a slightly suspicious manner from under the robes "This person"s speed is really somewhat strange. During the flight there hasn"t been any Dou Qi spilled out. This perfect control is very rarely...
Chapter 223: A Short Meeting
After standing in the sandstorm for a long while the black-robed person let out a soft sigh. She gradually turned around as her delicate hand slowly lifted her black-colored cloak. Immediately that pretty and indifferent white face was exposed in the raging sandstorm.
As her beautiful eyes watched the young man who had a brilliant smile on his face an involuntary gentle smile surfaced on Yun Zhi"s red moist lips. She did not take those words with an extremely lethal effect that Xiao Yan had shouted a moment ago to heart. It was clear to her that the words were merely a joke that the other party had said in excitement. Yet this joke caused a gentle part in her heart to slightly stir...
"Ugh I was still recognized..." Yun Zhi"s delicate hand pulled aside the black hair on her forehead. She then shook the strange looking longsword and a helplessness appeared on her pretty face.
"Hehe." Eyeing that familiar pretty face Xiao Yan could not help but part his mouth and laugh. He carried the Green Lotus Seat in his palm took two steps forward and said with a smile "It has been half a year since we last met. How are you?"
"Ugh quite good..." Yun Zhi pursed...
Chapter 224: Five Snake Death Poison Seal
With a gloomy expression Xiao Yan flew furiously for some distance in the desert before his heart began to gradually calm down. His speed slowly declined. As he recalled the attitude he showed Yun Zhi he could not help but smile bitterly. It seemed that he went overboard.
"She kindly recommended a training place for my own good. Ugh I was reckless." Xiao Yan patted his forehead gently and softly sighed.
Xiao Yan rubbed his forehead gently with his palm. He recalled how Yun Zhi was frustrated after seeing him but still gave up her intentions of taking the "Heavenly Flame". The apologetic feeling in his heart grew even more dense.
The wings behind his back flapped slightly and Xiao Yan"s figure stopped in midair. He turned his head around and stared at the end of the desert before mumbling with hesitation "Should I go back and take a look?"
Xiao Yan frowned and mused for a moment. The corner of his eyes glanced at the Green Lotus Seat he carried on his hand and sighed lightly. He whispered "With her ability two Dou Wangs should not be able to do anything to her. I am currently carrying a unique treasure like the "Heavenly Flame" on me. If I were to return I may end up bringing her quite a lot of trouble."
Xiao Yan muttered to himself for a while. Just when he was planning to leave the calm sky in...
Chapter 225: Ability
When the enormous green energy serpent came into contact with the sweeping thick white flame it began to swiftly disappear much like snow coming into contact with heat. In just the blink of an eye the ferocious huge serpent that whizzed over the skyline suddenly disappeared from the sky. All that was left was a somewhat desolate cry from it that slowly echoed in the sky... until it disappeared.
The sudden change caused everyone to adopt completely stunned faces. A long while later numerous shocked gazes finally hurriedly turned toward the flame person in the sky.
The human figure stood under the blue sky and a thick white-colored flame continued to writhe on his body completely covering him. Due to the flame being extremely dense those outside also had difficulty seeing the face of the person under it; the high temperature caused by the flame also caused the surrounding air to appear a little distorted. From afar it was as though creases had formed in the air appearing extremely strange.
Even though the five Dou Wangs of the Snake-People were quite far away they could still feel the intense heat emitted from the white flame. After...
Chapter 226: Fruition
The flaming human figure flew across the skyline and suddenly paused in midair a moment later. The thick white flame on his body also gradually disappeared. Once the flame completely vanished the delicate and handsome face of a young man was revealed.
The young man"s black eyes blinked gently as he tilted his head back. The vicissitude in his eyes swiftly withdrew and a cunningness and vitality of a young man replaced it.
"Teacher just now... what happened?" Xiao Yan gently twisted his neck pressed his eyebrows together and softly asked. His inquiry was naturally about why Yao Lao"s sure attack from before was suddenly shattered.
"It"s the doing of that thing in your sleeves..." Yao Lao helplessly answered "Was it not for the "Bone Chilling Flame" isolating its Qi I"m afraid that Yun Zhi and the Snake-People would have sensed that this Qi was Queen Medusa"s..."
"It"s her?" Hearing this Xiao Yan stilled for a moment. His palm extended into his sleeves and carefully pulled out the Seven-Colored small snake whose entire body was warm like jade. He placed her on his palm and stared intently.
Sensing Xiao Yan"s focus the Seven-Colored small snake also raised her small...
Chapter 227: Swallowing The Heavenly Flame Begin!
After he gradually recovered his body back to its peak condition Xiao Yan finally began to calm down. He lifted his head and stared at the crescent moon in the sky for a long time. Then he let out a soft laugh carried the Green Lotus Seat in his hand and stood up.
"Let"s find a safer place first." Yao Lao said softly.
"Haha alright." Xiao Yan smiled and nodded his head. He scanned the terrain around him. This was the only mountain at the edge of the desert. By being able to block the desert to the foot of the mountain the size of the mountain would not be very small.
On the mountain there was the occasional sound from the howling wolves and the roaring of tigers. It appeared as though they were announcing to everyone that the territory here already had an owner.
Carrying the Green Lotus Seat tightly in his hands the tip of Xiao Yan"s feet stepped heavily on the ground. An energy explosion sounded and his body abruptly ascended and swiftly landed on top of a huge tree beside him. His body swayed with the tree branches as his gaze swept across the surrounding fresh green mountain forest. Following which he gently pressed against the tree branch and his body quickly flashed across the dense forest like an eagle...
Chapter 228: Detaching The Flame Seed
Within the bright cave the green-colored flame writhed intensely. Traces of prominent distortion clearly appeared in the air surrounding the flame following the writhing of the cluster of the flame seedling. It was unexpected that the "Green Lotus Core Flame"s" temperature would be so terrifying...
As the "Green Lotus Core Flame" gradually became wilder Yao Lao who was first to sense this swiftly spread out his powerful Spiritual Strength and completely covered the entire cave. At the same time he isolated the extremely high temperature that appeared in the cave.
In midair the green-colored flame"s enlarged by the wind expanded by nearly a hundred times in the blink of an eye. Following the change of its size the originally warm and soothing flame had become wild and violent. The flame whistled as it writhed releasing a "chi chi" sound. The surrounding air was also incinerated by the hot green flame into nothingness.
Xiao Yan focused his gaze on the enormous green flame in midair before turning his head around to look at Yao Lao. He waited for the latter to nod his head. Then he took in a deep breath of hot air. His hand which was covered by a blood-colored...
Chapter 229: Heavenly Flame Forging the Body
Following the withdrawal of the "Green Lotus Core Flame" flame seed the enormous green-colored flame in front of Xiao Yan immediately began to gradually shrink. A while later it turned into wisps of tiny green-colored flames and entered into the green-colored lava within Xiao Yan"s hand.
"This is the Origin Flame Seed of the "Green Lotus Core Flame". Don"t look down on its size. When it was initially formed it would have been the massive size of half a mountain peak. However after thousands of years of being honed by the earth its size has become increasingly small. Only after its size has been compressed to the size of one"s palm would it be able to form a little flame spirit. Only at that moment can it truly be called a "Heavenly Flame!"."
"This thumb-size strip of lava has absorbed terrifying energy for over the thousands of years it was being compressed... You can just imagine... if such a thing were to completely explode how extreme of a destruction would released... Bluntly putting it at such a time even a Dou Zhong would only have one absolute end when faced with this spontaneously combusting energy..." Yao Lao stared at the green-colored lava in Xiao Yan"s palm that was like...
Chapter 230: Success
Xiao Yan"s mind dragged the wisp of green-colored flame and slowly circulated it. At the places where the flame passed through the ice layer coagulated from the "Icy Spirit Cold Fountain" continued to melt.
As he carefully dragged this tiny wisp of green-colored flame and circulated it through some of his Qi Paths other green-colored flames were also gradually attracted to this companion of theirs. With the help from the attraction force between the green-colored flames the divided wisps of green flame in his body began to slowly merge together as Xiao Yan continued to control this one wisp of "Green Lotus Core Flame" as he circulated it through his Qi Paths.
When the last wisp of green-colored flame was gathered together through Xiao Yan"s hard work the green-colored flames gradually merged. A moment later it coagulated into a tiny green-colored lava.
Eyeing this green-colored lava that had once again appeared Xiao Yan forcefully withstood the twitching pain that was emitted from within his body. He clenched his teeth and dragged it to continue circulating through his Qi Paths.
The "Green Lotus Core Flame" after being merged together had undoubtedly become more violent and terrifying. When the green-colored lava...
Chapter 231: Repairing And Strengthening
Within the mountain cave the green-colored light cover emitted a high temperature. On top of the light cover a flame writhed intensely resulting in any gaze from outside having difficulty in clearly seeing the situation that was happening within it.
Floating in midair Yao Lao eyed the green-colored flame cover and sighed. His tense face also gradually relaxed. Since Xiao Yan had already finished everything up to this step then the chances of him successfully refining the "Heavenly Flame" should at least be around seventy percent. His final task was to store the overbearing "Green Lotus Core Flame" into the Acceptance Spirit. After this happens the "Green Lotus Core Flame" will have completely become Xiao Yan"s Origin Flame Seed...
"Once he has completed the steps for refining the flame seed the next step will be to use the "Green Lotus Core Flame" to evolve the "Flame Mantra". With the strength of the "Green Lotus Core Flame" it is likely that the "Flame Mantra" will be able to directly leap to the Xuan Class this time around." Yao Lao said with a smile.
After he laughed softly Yao Lao once again maintained silence. As he became quiet the mountain cave also slowly descended into silence. A wave of cool mountain wind blew in from the gaps in the wall clearing out the hot air from within.
In the mountain...
Chapter 232: Xiao Yan"s First Origin Heavenly Flame: Green Lotus Core Flame!
In the spacious mountain cave Yao Lao was suspended in midair as he eyed the green-colored flame light cover. His finger gently tapped into space as he waited. A moment later he pressed his eyebrows slightly together and softly asked "Why does he need so much time? Don"t tell me a problem occurred?"
After waiting for a while longer Yao Lao deepened his frowned when he saw that the green-colored flame light cover still did not possess any intention of disappearing. He mused for a moment before deciding to forcefully break the green-colored light cover.
Just as Yao Lao was about to act wave after wave of energy ripples suddenly and swiftly surfaced from the surface of the green-colored light cover which had been quiet. Following closely behind it a powerful Qi suddenly spread out from the interior of the flame light cover.
Sensing this breath Yao Lao was slightly startled. He was a little stunned as he reasoned "This Qi why has it suddenly become much stronger than before? Although refining the "Heavenly Flame" can raise one"s fighting strength it does not possess the ability to raise one"s level..." Yao Lao was...
Chapter 233: Evolving the Qi Method
Within the mountain cave Yao Lao smiled slightly when he saw Xiao Yan who was so excited that he had forgot himself. He did not open his mouth to stop him. After searching with great pains for a few years Xiao Yan had finally obtained what he wanted today. It would be good to let him express his feelings.
The high pitched unrestrained laughter continued for a long time in the mountain cave before it gradually died down.
With the corner of his mouth still carrying a smile Xiao Yan lowered his head to watch the green-colored flame that was slowly writhing in his repeatedly opening and closing palm. Due to him having completely refined the "Green Lotus Core Flame" the current flame did not cause Xiao Yan to feel unwell or extremely hot. Moreover as long as he were to undergo a prolonged practice with the flame Xiao Yan believed that he would sooner or later be able to reach Yao Lao"s level of perfect control over the "Bone Chilling Flame".
The "Green Lotus Core Flame" was like a naughty spirit that danced on the tip of Xiao Yan"s finger. Occasionally the flame seedlings that managed to escape into the air would immediately display the terrifying power that belonged to them. The air half a foot from his palm was actually directly...
Chapter 234: Tormenting Pain
In the dark stormy night majestic heavy rain struck the mountain forest. The wild wind carried a howling sound that made "hua hua" noises in the forest. Occasionally thunder would roar in the sky. Its rumbling loud sound would ripple endlessly through the mountain where the rament sound lingered.
The silver snake flashed in the oppressive dark sky where the "chi la" noises sounded repeatedly. Every once in awhile a piercing silver light would illuminate the dark black mountain forest as though it was day time.
On the cliff of the steep mountain an old human figure had his hands behind him as he stood on a sharp mountain rock. His old face was expressionless as he stared at the flashing lightning and rolling thunder. His slightly hunched body was like an old pine standing steadily on top of the cliff. He had an indifferent and imposing manner that suggested he would not move regardless of the brutal weather around him.
However if one were to observe carefully one would be able to notice that each time the old man"s gaze drifted towards the entrance of a mountain cave that was covered by a pile of broken rocks his eagle claw like hands would involuntarily...
Chapter 235: Flame Mantra Evolved
In the dark space of Xiao Yan"s conscience a drowsy mind slowly floated. In this dark black environment it appeared that there was no concept of time. The mind wandered around as though it was a homeless lonely soul appearing extremely desolate.
At a certain moment an eye-catching green-colored flame suddenly curled upward and surfaced within the dark black space. The light emitted by the green-colored flame expelled all the pitch-black darkness around it. The flame moved slightly and a moment later transformed into a green-colored lotus seat.
After the green-colored lotus seat was formed it suddenly shot through the dark space. In the blink of an eye it arrived beside the drowsy mind. A warm glow extended out and wrapped the mind within it...
Once the mind was completely wrapped the green-colored lotus seat suddenly began to flash past at high speed and the darkness began to swiftly retreat and shrink. A while later a little white light appeared at the end of the darkness. The lotus seat carried the groggy mind and charged out of this boundaryless space of one"s conscience.
......
Under a huge tree in the mountain forest Xiao Yan leaned again the tree trunk with his eyes tightly closed. His slightly pale face appeared to be swiftly recovering its rosy color.
Beside him Yao Lao who...
Chapter 236: Meeting the Ice Emperor Again
At the meeting point between the desert and the field a few green-colored leaves were occasionally decorated across the desert. The bits and pieces of the leaves may have been extremely rare but compared to the monotonous golden-colored yellow sand within the desert it was undoubtedly much more soothing to the eye.
As this place was close to the desert"s edge one would occasionally see people coming and going along with small groups of mercenary that had returned after hunting for Magic Beasts in the desert.
A black-clothed human figure walked at an even pace at the intersection between the desert and the land. The human figure was carrying a black ruler that was comparable to his height on his back. This somewhat strange combination of person and ruler caused the passerbys to throw him surprised glances.
However the black-clothed young man simply ignored the surprised gazes shot from around him. His footsteps slowly fell on the firm road. Although his pace did not appear to be very fast if one were to observe carefully one would realize that each step that the young man took appeared to have been meticulously measured; the distance...
Chapter 237: Conversation
Just as the scroll was about to hit Hai Bo Dong"s body it was frozen solid by a sudden surge of cold air. Immediately it fell weakly to the old man"s side.
Eyeing the scroll that was suddenly frozen the pretty eyes of the lady in the red dress glowed. This was another time that she had seen the old man"s lofty strength.
"This guy is really reckless. He actually dares to be so rude to Grandmaster Bing. He really is someone who has the short sight of a rat." The gaze of the lady was somewhat mocking as she stared at Xiao Yan. Clearly the red dressed woman did not think that the old man would easily let off this foolhardy guy who had offended him.
TL: Short sight of a rat = No foresight/planning
Naturally all of these thoughts were the wishful thinking of the lady. The old man did indeed shift his focus up from the map as she had expected but when the ice like dry face swept across the black-dressed young man in front of him his face revealed an extremely rare smile. This smile was something the red dressed lady who had respectfully been a servant here for a long time had never seen before.
"Ke ke little brother you are finally back. You really made me wait." Hai Bo Dong placed the ink pen...
Chapter 238: Heavenly Cauldron Ranking
"Breaking Adversity Pill" the three pale black-colored words were written on the quaint skin parchment that faintly gave off the scent of old age.
Xiao Yan"s gaze slowly swept across the skin parchment with a smile in his eyes When his gaze was sweeping across the effect of the medicinal pill that was recorded on the skin parchment the smile on his face grew even more dense.
"The pill is tier six. It possesses the unique ability of being able to break most seals. After using it it can also form a resistance toward that particular seal within the body. In the future if one were to meet such a seal again one would gain some chance of nullifying the seal."
"Tsk tsk it is really quite a good thing..." Xiao Yan"s eyes swept up and down across the quaint skin parchment and could not help but click his tongue. He did not expect that this thing could not only break a seal but also cause the human body that was struck by the seal to have an increased resistance to that seal in the future. With just this particular point it lived up to its reputation as a tier six medicinal pill.
"It is naturally quite good. Back then in order to obtain this medicinal formula I paid a price that still causes my heart to ache when I...
Chapter 239: Hiding One"s Ability
u"TL: Title: \u6df1\u85cf\u4e0d\u9732 - Hiding One"s Ability - idiom meaning that one usually hides one"s skill so that others are ignorant of their strength (only using ones strength when necessary for max impact)"
Perhaps it was because it was the first time Yao Lao refined the "Breaking Adversity Pill" but Yao Lao despite his outstanding alchemy skills failed the first refining attempt due to an imbalance in the proportions of the prepared medicinal ingredients.
However the first failed attempt did not cause Yao Lao to show a different expression. Failing during refining was so common in the alchemy world that it could be compared with eating and drinking. Even though Yao Lao was very adept at refining he could not guarantee that he would maintain a hundred percent success for refining any medicinal pills.
Although the first attempt resulted in a failure it was fortunate that only a small portion of the medicinal ingredients were lost and thus would not affect the refining that was to follow. As Yao Lao who had a warm-up experience once again raised the flames to refine the pill. He methodically perfectly and successfully completed all the remaining medicinal refining process.
In the neat and clean room the black-colored medicinal cauldron slowly rotated in midair. The thick white flame...
Chapter 240: Breaking The Seal
Eyeing Hai Bo Dong who was tightly holding the jade bottle with a face that was filled with unrestrained joy Xiao Yan laughed softly before smiling slightly as he said "Mister Hai Bo Dong. The thing has been successfully refined. What about the map fragment?"
Hearing this Hai Bo Dong was at a momentary loss. He immediately and quickly pulled himself back from his unrestrained joy. His eyeballs rotated and he licked his lips as an embarassed look appeared on his face. He said "Uhh Little Brother!"
"You can call me Xiao Yan." Seeing Hai Bo Dong"s manner Xiao Yan frowned slightly as he said blandly.
"Haha alright. Little Brother Xiao Yan." Hai Bo Dong hurriedly nodded his head. He then waved the jade bottle in his hand and said with an awkward smile "Little Brother don"t blame old me for having something more to do! *Cough* it is not that old me doesn"t believe you but the main reason is that I have also never seen what a "Breaking Adversity Pill" looks like. I only know from the medicinal formula that it is entirely purple in color. Therefore I wonder if Little Brother Xiao Yan would allow me to consume the medicinal pill and test if it can really help me break the seal?Haha if the seal can really be broken old me would definitely give the map fragment to you! I will also apologize to you!"
"Old Sir the way to repeatedly find excuses to put the matter off does not show the demeanor of someone who was once the Ten Strong of the Jia Ma Empire." Xiao Yan"s long finger gently...
Chapter 241: Obtaining The Map Fragment Hiring A Bodyguard
The two gazes intertwined in midair with both of them emitting some indecipherable meaning. A faint chill was formed in midair and the atmosphere suddenly became somewhat tense.
A pair of dark black eyes calmly watched Hai Bo Dong in midair who appeared to have become more fierce and overbearing following the recovery of his strength. Xiao Yan"s body bent slightly backward and leaned against the back of the chair. His ten fingers were placed in front of his body. His calm expression similar did not change even the slightest bit because of the fierce Dou Huang Qi he was feeling in the underground room.
In midair Hai Bo Dong"s gaze carried a little aggression as he stared intently at the black-clothed young man below. A faint force of cold air hovered over his palm. Following the recovery of his strength the emotions that had been suppressed in Hai Bo Dong for decades had finally once again began to be released in a slow and soothing manner. The Ice Emperor back then was cold and overbearing. There had never been anyone who dared to take anything from his hand. Xiao Yan however had broken this taboo.
In the past Hai Bo Dong did not reveal any enmity because he could not see through Xiao Yan"s strength due to the seal. However now that the seal had been broken the extremely powerful Ice Emperor back then had finally and completely returned. The sudden skyrocketing strength had also caused Hai Bo Dong"s heart to quietly start thinking of ways of taking...
Chapter 242: The Change in Rock Desert City
As he did not want to continue to live in the Desert City as the owner of a shop selling maps Hai Bo Dong followed Xiao Yan and left the city the next day after their discussion had been completed.
None of the things in the small shop where he had stayed were brought along by Hai Bo Dong. According to what he said there might be a day in the future where the him who was tired of disputes would return back to this place and be at complete ease as he spent the remainder of his days.
Standing on a towering sand dune Hai Bo Dong took one last glance at the huge city that stood connecting the edge of the desert and the edge of plain land. He sighed softly and his expression was slightly desolate. Having lived in seclusion for a few decades some feelings toward this place grew in his heart despite his indifferent character.
Slowly turning around Hai Bo Dong eyed the black clothed young man by his side and asked "Where do we go next?"
"I wish to first make a trip to Rock Desert City. My two elder brothers are there." Xiao Yan turned his gaze towards the north-western direction. That was where the Rock Desert City was located. He smiled and said "The last time I left in a rush and had not settled some things properly. Now that I have two months of free time remaining I wish to settle the things appropriately. What about you?"
"As you wish. I don"t have anywhere to go to during this period of time so I will first wander around with you." Hai Bo Dong thought quietly for a while before he immediately replied and smiled.
"Hehe that is naturally good." Hearing this Xiao Yan grinned and nodded. He would naturally not reject to having a free Dou Huang level fighter by his side.
"Then let"s go. With our speed I think that we should be able to rush to Rock Desert City within a day." Hai Bo Dong smiled as a faint cold fog was emitted from his body. Finally the fog agglomerated...
Chapter 243: Killing a Da Dou Shi!
On the spacious battleground the young man"s icy calm voice slowly resounded causing countless of people to glance over.
"Xiao-Yan-Zi?" Eyeing the black clothed young man who had suddenly appeared Xiao Ding who was on the other side of the open space was at a momentary loss. Immediately a wild joy surfaced on his somewhat dark and vicious face. His palms heavily clapped together. "This guy has really come at a perfect moment."
"Ke ke looks like our "Desert Metal Mercenary Company" has not reached its end." The fist that he held tightly slowly stretched and opened. Xiao Ding inhaled a deep breath and slowly suppressed the unrestrained joy in his heart. He tilted his head and said those words with a smile to the company members. Although Xiao Yan was young Xiao Ding had an extremely great confidence in this somewhat mysterious younger brother of his. The previous incident when Xiao Yan managed to frighten the "Sand Mercenary Company" by himself until not one of them dared to leave the city also caused this confidence of Xiao Ding"s to become even richer.
Seeing that Xiao Ding was full of smiles everyone also sighed in relief but many of them did not know why this young man could let the two Company Leaders possess such confidence all of a sudden. They had all witnessed the practice match between Xiao Yan and Xiao Li. However now even Xiao Li was no match for this Da Dou Shi. Xiao Yan may...
The hearts of the members of the "Desert Metal Mercenary Company"s" were quite perturbed. However after following Xiao Ding for so many years they at least understood that this Company Leader who was cool-headed when doing things would definitely not randomly boast in this kind of situation.
u"Everyone exchanged glances with each other. Their eyes immediately revealed a smile and the expectation of being able to survive from a near-death situation. They hoped that this Young Master Xiao Yan would really be able to help the "Desert Metal Mercenary Company" find a solution for todays annihilation crisis."
"Second Brother are you alright?" Holding the heavy ruler in his hand Xiao Yan turned his head around and eyed the blood covered Xiao Li. His dark black eyes surfaced a killing intent that was difficult to hide. He took out a bottle of healing pills and threw it toward Xiao Li"s chest as he inquired softly.
"*Cough* *Cough*..." After intensely coughing out some mouthfuls of blood Xiao Li carelessly rubbed the blood traces from the corner of his mouth. After which he consumed the medicinal pills lifted his head and watched the young man whose body was tall and straight standing in front of him. A glow surfaced on his pale white face. He parted his mouth and his tensed up body also quietly relaxed.
Leaning on the huge rock behind him Xiao Li"s voice was somewhat hoarse as he laughed "Little Fellow you have finally returned. If you had arrived a little later you might well have had to go to the grave in order to chat with Second Brother."
"I"m sorry I"m late." Xiao Yan said softly. He suddenly smiled. In the smile there was a savageness and viciousness similar to that of a hungry wolf. He exchanged glances with Xiao Li and the gentle slight smile was filled with awe. "Be rest assured Second Brother. I will help you take that guy"s life."
"*Cough*. That guy"s name is Mo Ran a one star Da Dou Shi. His Qi Method is of the ground affinity. This kind of affinity specializes in...
Chapter 244: Charging In
Xiao Yan and a few others were seated in a spacious hall. The rest of the members of the "Desert Metal Mercenary Company" began to busily clear up their headquarters which had become a mess. Occasionally when some mercenaries passed by the parlor they would throw a respectful gaze at the young man seated beside the table who was smiling warmly as he gently sipped his tea.
The terrified feeling that they had because of Xiao Yan"s vicious action had been sustained for awhile before it slowly disappeared from these mercenaries" hearts. They were all people who frequently licked the blood from their blades. The extent of toughness of their minds was naturally far greater than that of ordinary people"s. Moreover since Mo Ran was the enemy of the "Desert Metal Mercenary Company" it was not worthwhile for anyone to show the slightest pity for him. This was because they clearly understood that if Xiao Yan had not arrived in time today then Mo Ran would not have shown any mercy when killing their brothers.
(TL: The brothers here does not refer to blood brothers. Rather it refers to people extremely close to one another)
Carrying the warm tea cup Xiao Yan glanced at the mercenaries who were busy outside. On the chair beside him was Hai Bo Dong whose face had remained indifferent. This person who was once the Ice Emperor did not show any friendly smile because of the relationship Xiao Ding and Xiao Li had with Xiao Yan.
"Old Mister Hai is my friend. His temper may be somewhat temperamental ha ha but he is a truly strong person." Eyeing Hai Bo Dong who had remained quiet ever since he entered the room Xiao Yan could only helplessly shake his head and tell Xiao Ding and Xiao Li on the opposite side with a smile.
Xiao Ding smiled and nodded his head. The corner of his gaze swept across Hai Bo Dong. His senses vaguely told him that under the skinny and hunched body of this indifferent old man there was a terrifying energy.
"Ke ke the...
Chapter 245: Frighten
As that faint laughter floated in the heart of everyone in the hall tensed slightly. They lifted their eyes and looked over. In the doorway a young man in black clothes was carelessly standing there with a smile. A thread of inclined sunlight had just happened to shine into the hall. At one glance it was as warm as the smile on the young man"s face.
Their gazes swept across the smiling delicate and handsome face before stopping on the pair of dark black eyes. There his eyes did not hold the slightest smile in there. Instead they were indifferent and icy.
Seeing Xiao Yan"s figure everyone in the big hall hurriedly took a few steps back and swarmed to Luo Bu"s side. Even the few people of unknown origin by the side also acted in this manner.
Xiao Yan"s gaze swept once around the interior of the hall before slowly walking in. Behind him Xiao Ding and the rest also filed into the room and stared at the group of people opposite with ill intentions.
"Company Leader Luo Bu your means are quite vicious."
After sweeping his sight over the few people whose clothes were quite different from the members of the "Sand Mercenary Company" Xiao Yan narrowed his eyes and immediately shifted them toward Luo Bu who was seated on a chair. He smiled and...
Chapter 246: Mo Clan
Under the numerous dull gazes in the hall Xiao Yan randomly drew a chair and sat down with a big action. He glanced at the pale faced Luo Bu gently picked at his fingernail and said indifferently "Tell me. What happened to you recently? With your character you don"t appear to have the boldness to sweep away all the strengths in Rock Desert City."
Hearing Xiao Yan"s slightly belittling words Luo Bu could only smile awkwardly. He was quiet for a moment before laughing bitterly "Indeed I have never thought of dominating the territory of Rock Desert City. Moreover the "Sand Mercenary Company" does not possess the strength to remove all the other groups within the Rock Desert City."
"All of this may have started because of the little girl called Qing Lin from the "Desert Metal Mercenary Company"." Luo Bu"s expression was somewhat regretful.
"Luo Bu you better be careful about what you are saying! Our clan can help you dominate the Rock Desert City but it can also destroy all of you instantly!" Just as Luo Bu was preparing to reveal everything the man who was the leader of the few people at the side suddenly warned.
Hearing this warning Luo Bu"s expression changed. A moment later he viciously turned around...
Chapter 247: Annex
As the few Mo clan members in the hall were incinerated into nothingness the atmosphere in the hall was suddenly one in which silence reigned.
With cold sweat slowly dripping down from his forehead Luo Bu sat on the chair not daring to make even the slightest movement. He stealthily glanced at the gloomy face of the young man in black clothes and his body was once again shrouded by that thick coldness.
The body of the only man from the Mo clan stood on the spot with a stiffened body. At this moment his face had abruptly become pale white. His mouth trembled and his eyes was filled with fear. Just now if that white colored flame had shifted over a little more the current him might not even leave behind ashes.
"You you are provoking our Mo clan!" With a trembling voice the man cried with a brave front despite feeling weak inside.
"Not only will I provoke it I will also smash the worthless Mo clan!" Xiao Yan coldly laughed.
"Don"t be so arrogant behind our Mo clan is the Misty Cloud Sect!" The man angrily said. His voice grew louder as though he was trying to cheer himself.
"Bring me to the Mo clan or you can be like your companions from before. Two choices. Choose for yourself." Xiao Yan crossed his ten fingers...
Chapter 248: Yan City
The two faint rays of light flew past the skyline like falling stars. In an instant they disappeared over the horizon.
Flying by Xiao Yan"s side Hai Bo Dong tilted his head and used the moonlight to eye the young man. At the moment the foreign terrifying Qi in his body had already completely disappeared. Replacing it was still that Dou Shi level Qi.
Sizing Xiao Yan"s two drastic changes up with turbid old eyes Hai Bo Dong mused for a long time with his eyebrows pressed together. A moment later he suddenly said "Little Brother Xiao Yan that foreign Qi that can be compared to a Dou Huang is not really emitted by you no?"
Hai Bo Dong"s sudden words caused Xiao Yan"s flying speed to be slightly reduced. The latter turned around eyed Hai Bo Dong and said with a faint smile "Old Mister Hai why would you say this?"
"Although I do not deny Little Brother Xiao Yan"s outstanding training talent honestly speaking after roaming around for so many years I have seen people with similar training talent as you but they at most possess a Dou Shi or a Da Dou Shi strength at your age. As for Dou Huang that"s definitely impossible." Hai Bo Dong replied with a smile...
Chapter 249: Nalan!
After passing through the somewhat deep and dark tunnel under the city wall a piercing sunlight suddenly shined down causing Xiao Yan to squint.
A moment later when his eyes adjusted to the sunlight Xiao Yan"s eyes widened. Bustling and seething sounds also began to fill his ears.
Once he had widened his eyes the enormous interior of the city suddenly appeared in his sight. Standing at the exit of the city wall Xiao Yan lifted his head and eyed the packed and luxurious looking shops by the two sides of the streets as well as the flow of people coming and going. He could not help but praise the size of the city. This city was worthy of being the largest city in the eastern region of the Jia Ma Empire. This kind of crowd numbers and the extent of luxury could be compared to the numbers of the Black Rock City that Xiao Yan had previously visited.
Standing on the street Xiao Yan rubbed his ears which had swollen painfully because of the sudden explosion of noise. A tiredness that was difficult to hide rose in his eyes. He rubbed his temples turned his head around and said with a smile to Hai Bo Dong at his side "We have continuously rushed toward here for nearly two days. Shall we first find a place to rest for a while and inquire about information on the Mo clan?"
"Ok it"s just as well." Hearing this Hai Bo Dong nodded his head slightly. Although his ability to withstand tiredness far exceeded ordinary people after he had entered the realm of a Dou Huang the two days of non-stop flying had largely exhausted his Dou Qi. He would naturally not disagree with being able to rest for a moment.
Seeing Hai Bo Dong nodding his head Xiao Yan smiled and led the way into the streets. After which they followed the flow of people and slowly walked forward.
Along the way the complicated shops around Xiao Yan that caused people to be dazzled only caused Xiao Yan to feel a little surprised. After walking to the end...
Chapter 250: Rest
Eyeing the lady who was leaping over with a face filled with joy the moon robed lady laughed softly. Her smile was reserved holding a hidden nobility. It did not cause people to feel that it was cold but rather it possessed an aloofness that gave people a superficial feeling. Regardless of everything the three years had caused the immature young lady to become much more mature.
Everyone in the hall swept their eyes over the smile that had surfaced on the moon robed lady"s beautiful face. All of them could not help but be dazzled.
After the moon robed woman entered an old man in the same clothes also walked in smiling. He stood behind the young lady. As his old eyes opened and closed there would occasionally be a brilliant light flashing past. The shrivelled hand that was stretched outside his sleeves wiggled without any rhythm much like sharp eagle claws.
Once Ling Lin had greeted the moon robed lady she smiled and said sweetly to the old man behind "Old Mister Ge Ye."
"Ke ke after not seeing you for a few years Ling Lin is really becoming more and more beautiful." The old man who was addressed as Ge Ye laughed and nodded.
A crimson color surfaced on...
Chapter 251: Hiring A Long Time Fighter
As first rays of the morning sun leaked through the patterned window speckles of light could be seen illuminated on the floor boards forming an image just like a blooming flower warm and beautiful.
In the room Xiao Yan who was seated in a crossed-legged position on the green lotus slowly opened his eyes. A faint green glow that was emitted from the pitch black pupil suddenly flashed and disappeared in seconds.
Stretching his body Xiao Yan took in a light breath of the cool morning air a comfortable feeling surged in between his heart and lungs which gradually spread through his whole body.
After a night"s rest the exhaustion on Xiao Yan"s face has completely disappeared he gently came down from the Green Lotus Seat. With a wave of his palm the Green Lotus Seat turned into a blur of green light and was sucked back into the storage ring.
Straightening his clothes Xiao Yan opened the door and entered the living room. Sweeping his eyes he discovered that Hai Bo Dong had already woken up and was standing at the window quietly staring out the window at the noisy street with his...
Chapter 252: Nalan Yanran
Xiao Yan"s eyes stared intently at the moon robed lady laughing sweetly and softly by the main door. His face which was covered under the dark shadow suddenly turned from a smiling one to a dark one. Although three years had past and both of them had undergone great changes he could still see the spoiled shadow of Nalan Yanran in that woman!
His fist was tightly clenched and his nails pierced into his palms emitting waves of throbbing pain. With unblinking eyes Xiao Yan stared at the frowns and smiles of the moon robed lady. A fury that was difficult to control abruptly swarmed out of his heart. She had likely spent these last three years at the Misty Cloud Sect in comfort. What about him?? He had narrowly climbed from the blade of death countless of times. Perhaps she did not know but each time when Xiao Yao was about to reach the limit of what he was able bare during his harsh training he would forcefully clench his fist and cruelly endure it because of her.
Xiao Yan"s body trembled slightly. Almost immediately a ferocious Qi suddenly soared from within Xiao Yan"s body.
"Xiao Yan?" Hai Bo Dong who was walking behind Xiao Yan could not help but feel at a loss when he sensed Xiao Yan"s unrestrained Qi surging out. He immediately and...
Chapter 253: Searching and the Mo Clan"s Wild Ambition
After passing through a few streets with turbulent human flow Xiao Yan and Hai Bo Dong circled Yan City and walked for nearly halfway around before they gradually arrived at the Mo clan"s home located in the middle of the city.
Standing at the end of the street Xiao Yan eyed the Mo clan"s headquarters which was like a small scale fortress. He could not help but shake his head. This Mo clan was really worthy of being called the strongest clan in the eastern region of the Jia Ma Empire. Just this tightly secured fortress would have required an unknown amount of wealth to build.
On the towering walls there were guards defending every ten meters. In some of the gaps Xiao Yan was able to barely see sharp arrow blades flickering with a thick cold glow under the sunlight.
Xiao Yan"s Spiritual Perception vaguely swept across the top of the fortress. He could sense that in the air above the fortress there were over ten sight blockades placed without any blind spots. Anyone who wanted to enter from the sky would likely be immediately shot by the countless of arrows hidden in the dark areas until one became a prickling porcupine.
"Tsk tsk this defence is really tight. Looks like it would be somewhat troublesome to enter without anyone noticing." Hai Bo Dong"s gaze swept across the fortress and said in a somewhat surprised manner.
"It is indeed...
Chapter 254: Mo Alliance
The spacious large hall was overcrowded with people and was extremely lively. A joyous atmosphere permeated within it.
On the special seats that had been arranged in the hall many leaders or representatives that came from the eastern regions of the Jia Ma Empire were seated. Although many people were anxious for the Mo clan"s downfall they still needed to perform these surface actions properly when faced with the strongest strength in the Jia Ma Empire"s eastern region.
On the leader"s seat in of the hall a white-haired old man in finery was cupping his hands together and greeting the guests who were coming and going below him. He seemed to be greatly enjoying being the focus of countless envious gazes. The joy on the old man"s face was accompanied by a proud smile that had never been interrupted.
The old man was the Mo clan"s first elder Mo Cheng. At the same time he was also a pillar of the Mo clan. He took most of the credit for the Mo clan being able to have its current status.
"The arrival of the Yan city governor Lord Bo Er!"
A loud and clear notice from the main door was transmitted into the hall causing the noisy hall to become slightly quiet. Numerous bizarre gazes were swept towards the main door. Usually the officials from the empire would not take the initiative to join the celebration of the local strengths. However this governor of the Yan...
Chapter 255: Smashing the Scene
The sudden appearance of the black robed human figure abruptly attracted all the gazes over. After everyone felt somewhat stunned they immediately eyed Mo Cheng whose expression had suddenly become dark. At the moment everyone mourned for that black robed person in their hearts. With Mo Cheng who was extremely particular about his reputation finding fault with him on such a place and occasion was undoubtedly touching a taboo.
The black robed person who had suddenly appeared also caused Nalan Yanran and Ge Ye to be shocked as they exchanged glances. They had recognized this black robed person to be the one they had met at the inn today. Their eyebrows were pressed together. Clearly this mysterious black robed person did not come with good intention.
"Who are you?" Mo Cheng"s gaze coldly and darkly glanced at the black robed person below before asking in a deep voice as he frowned.
"You should be Mo Cheng no? I have been looking for you to inquire about some things." The voice that was emitted under the black robe was young and smooth. It did not have any change because of the biting expression of Mo Cheng.
"Today is a joyous day in our Mo clan could you please give us some respite. If you have anything we can discuss...
Chapter 256: Vicious Means
In the quiet hall everyone were staring blankly at Mo Cheng whose neck was easily grabbed by the black robed person. Everyone involuntarily swallowed their saliva at that moment. Just ten minutes ago the latter was planning the outline of a great plan to dominate the north-eastern region of the Jia Ma Empire. However ten minutes later even his life was easily kneaded in someone else"s palm. The way everything had changed so quickly caused everyone in the hall to have an extreme disbelief of the turn of events.
However regardless of how unrealistic the feeling was the truth that appeared in their eyes told everyone in quite a brutal manner that this Mo clan First Elder Executioner Mo who had quite a strong reputation in the north-eastern region was a toy in someone else"s hand this time around.
Hearing the thick chilling words emitted from under the black robe everyone in the hall suddenly felt an inexplicable delight in their hearts. Regardless of what happened if the Mo clan was to really lose Mo Cheng this central pillar then these small scale strengths would be able to take the opportunity to extricate themselves from the Mo clan"s control in the future. Although the Mo clan had quite a number of allies in the hall but there was still not one person who came out to provide assistance.
"Sir please have mercy!" Just as the black...
Chapter 257: Killing Mo Cheng
Ge Ye"s body was like a falling leaf in the autumn breeze as he quickly shot back in a haggered manner. The tables and chairs along the way were shattered by the hidden force contained in Ge Ye when they came into contact with him.
Ge Ye"s pair of legs were dragged over the ground as he was pushed back by half the distance of the hall before his body came to a slow stop. His somewhat pale white face was covered by disbelief and shock.
"You..." Wiping off the trace of blood from the corner of his mouth Ge Ye breathed a few heavy coarse breaths. His heart was like a stormy sea. "That face... why does it appear a little familiar?"
In his mind the tender face of the young master of the Xiao clan from three years ago that was unyielding and stubborn slowly surfaced from deep in his memories. When it overlapped with the face which he had just fleetingly glanced at there was faintly quite a bit of likeness.
"Impossible!"
His heart suddenly trembled violently as Ge Ye"s chest swiftly rose and fell. He deeply inhaled a few mouthful of air and a moment later shook his head. "I must have seen wrongly! Even if that young man had abandoned the reputation of being a cripple it is definitely impossible for him to reach...
Chapter 258: The Mysterious Green Clothed Lady
The black robed person eyed the white colored ice that was melting apart indifferently. He raised his head slowly and his gaze passed through the black colored Doupeng and slowly swept through the deadly quiet hall.
TL: Doupeng - a conical straw hat with a long cloth fixed on the tip. The cloth hides the person"s face.
Although his sight was isolated by the black colored Doupeng everyone at any spot that his gaze faced would change their expression drastically and contract their neck. Many gazes were shifted away while being filled with horror as they roamed around without a target. They no longer dared to look at the black robed person.
Nalan Yanran tightly held her hand. Her pretty face was slightly pale as she stared at the gradually melting ice on the carpet. The lovely body of hers trembled slightly. This Mo clan"s First Elder who was still planning his ambitious plans just an hour ago currently did not even have a corpse remaining right in front of her. These two vastly different scenes really caused people to have difficulty believing what had actually happened.
Nalan Yanran took in a deep breath of icy air. She slowly calmed the undulations in her heart. No matter how one put it she was far from being that...
Chapter 259: The Fight Between Three Dou Huangs!
On the top of the enormous pillars there were three human figures standing. Their majestic and imposing manner exerted so much pressure that everyone had trouble breathing.
In the large hall Nalan Yanran and Ge Ye eyed the three human figures on the pillar with shocked faces. Looking at the imposing manner of the three people it was clear that all of them were of the Dou Huang class. These extremely strong people of such a class were something that Nalan Yanran rarely usually saw despite her status. Currently however three of them had suddenly appeared in the hall of the Mo clan. The shock that they brought directly shattered even Nalan Yanran"s mental strength which was quite strong.
"I must report this matter to Teacher as soon as possible!" This thought flashed in Nalan Yanran"s heart. She exchanged a glance with Ge Ye. Both of them saw a seriousness that had never existed before in each other"s eyes. Three Dou Huangs were sufficient to turn the Jia Ma Empire upside down.
Standing on top of a pillar Xiao Yan watched the green clothed lady intently. Although her face was covered by green yarn which covered her appearance her exquisite and lovely body under the green clothes gave everyone an understanding in their hearts that the lady"s appearance would not be too terrible.
At this moment this mysterious...
Chapter 260: Eight-Winged Black Serpent Emperor
High in the blue sky three majestic and imposing beings flew past. Under this terrifying and imposing manner a commotion was immediately stirred within Yan City below. Numerous people who were of the Dou Shi class or higher lifted their heads with dull faces and eyed the human figures flying past in the sky like falling stars. Their feet could not help but tremble. The imposing manner from these three Dou Huangs was very rarely seen in the Jia Ma Empire. Very few people who had yet to reach a certain level had the qualification to feel the pressure from such force. Under the pressure of these three imposing force an unrest swiftly began spreading within the city.
On top of the unrest an even greater number of people who were quite strong shot up to the roofs with frenzy and excitement after they were stunned for a moment. After which they were as excited as fleas shuttling on the roofs of the city as they followed the three majestic and imposing presences from far behind.
Many people felt great respect in their hearts towards extremely strong people of such class. A fight between people of such high level undoubtedly possessed a great attraction toward people of the Dou Shi or Da Dou Shi class.
Within the spacious city a few hundred black shadows chose to move quickly....
Chapter 261: The Huge Fight In the Sky
In the distant skyline four imposing presences of the Dou Huang class spread across the sky. The surrounding space seemed to tremble slightly at this moment. The lazy white clouds in the blue sky were torn into pieces by the domineering forces in the sky.
In Yan City everyone repeatedly trembled under these four interacting vast and mighty forces. That terrifying pressure caused people to feel as though they were each carrying a five hundred kilograms heavy stone. Their breathing became somewhat deep and heavy.
"Lu Man ha ha it"s unexpected that you would actually be forced into scurrying around randomly. If this was to be conveyed back you would likely be ridiculed to death by them!" The enormous triangular shaped eyes stared at Xiao Yan and Hai Bo Dong opposite him. The huge mouth of the "Eight-Winged Black Serpent Emperor" opened and closed emitting a deafeningly loud laughter.
"You bastard Bai Ya. I am carrying someone with me and also don"t wish to wind up fighting them. If I don"t run should I just foolishly stand there and wait for them to attack?" When the green clothed lady whose body was suspended beside the head of the "Eight-Winged Black Serpent Emperor" heard his mocking laughter she could not help but yell ...
Chapter 262: Merging the "Heavenly Flames" Angry Buddha Lotus Flame!
When this nearly crazy thought appeared it caused Xiao Yan to shudder involuntarily. However no matter how he suppressed it this thought continued to climb and surround his heart. No matter what happened he could not disperse it like a demon pestering him...
Under this futile attempt at expelling it Xiao Yan unconsciously and gradually became obsessed by this thought. He muttered in his heart "If it were possible for this to be successful its terrifying destructive force would likely not be weaker than the "Flame Splitting Tsunami" would it?"
During the time that Xiao Yan was struggling Hai Bo Dong eyed him quietly. He assumed that the latter had given up. At that moment he quietly sighed in relief. No matter what happened this "Eight-Winged Black Serpent Emperor" was definitely a formidable opponent. Hai Bo Dong may have indeed held something back but he and Qing Lin were not close. Therefore he need not take such a risk because of a little girl. Xiao Yan being able to take the initiative to give up coincided with his desire.
On the opposite side the "Eight-Winged Black Serpent Emperor" slightly swung its huge tail. Each time the huge tail swung it would create quite a strong wild wind in the sky. It could be imagined just what kind of terrifying force was contained within that huge tail.
"Hee hee why? Are you finally giving up?" The triangle shaped huge eyes glanced at the two people opposite who did not make any move. The laughter of the "Eight-Winged Black Serpent Emperor" was like rolling thunder that billowed throughout the sky without resting.
"It is just as well that...
Chapter 263: Terrifying Destructive Force
The brilliant green-white flame exploded in the blue sky. Like a wave of flames it engulfed the sky. Instantly the temperature of this entire area rose significantly.
Within Yan City a countless number of people lifted their heads foolishly and eyed the terrifying wave of flames that had engulfed the sky. Even though it was thousands of meters away the hot flame wave still caused people to perspire profusely.
The huge city was completely silent. Everyone swallowed their saliva in their dry mouths. A panic spread from deep within their hearts. If this flame wave was a little lower above Yan City this place might have been annihilated into a flat plain.
"Is this the destructive strength of a Dou Huang? How terrifying!" Everyone shivered and groaned weakly in their hearts.
In the blue sky the flame wave turned into an energy ripple as it violently surged outward. With the explosion at the center the surrounding living creatures within a certain boundary all received a destructive blow.
The green-white flame waves leisurely spread out to a radius of a couple of hundred meters before they gradually began to disappear. In the sky two humans and a beast had gone into a dire state.
The blow received...
Chapter 264: Yao Lao Falling Into A Deep Slumber
Staring at the pale-blue metal pieces with changing expression an anxiety flashed across the tranquil and indifferent face of this person who was the leader of the Misty Cloud Sect. Her hand clenched silently and her heart flipped repeatedly.
"Why are there fragments of the "Sea"s Core Vest" around here? Don"t tell me that little fellow was also here just now? Since the "Sea"s Core Vest" has already been broken he should have also received an extremely serious injury. This guy why is it that he always appears wherever there is trouble?" The gorgeous robed lady"s gaze that carried some anxiety swept across the ground. However she did not find even the slightest bit of a suspicious trace. Her eyebrows became slightly vertical with some anger hidden in them.
"Sect Leader Yun Yun what"s this?" On one side the old man could not help but become stunned when he saw the gorgeous robed lady actually show such an emotion. His voice was surprised as he asked This was the first time that he had seen this person who was in control of the Misty Cloud Sect reveal so many unusual emotions at once.
"Haha nothing." Being shocked awake by the old man"s voice the pretty face of the gorgeous robed lady quickly buried its expression. An instant later she recovered the indifference from...
Chapter 265: Relying On Oneself
In the clean room the young man on the bed slowly opened his eyes. A bitterness and sadness surfaced on his face. After a long time he let out a gentle sigh.
While Xiao Yan was staring at the ceiling in a daze information suddenly swarmed into his mind. However he did not feel any panic because of this. Lying on the bed Xiao Yan allowed the information to pour into his mind as it pleased. It was a long while later before he began reading this last bit of help Yao Lao had prepared for him before Yao Lao"s fall into slumber.
Xiao Yan slowly finished looking through the recuperation program in detail. At the end of the information there was a medicinal formula for a tier five medicinal pill named "Spiritual Recovery Purple Pill". Clearly Yao Lao was worried that once he had fallen into a slumber Xiao Yan would not be able to suppress Hai Bo Dong with his own strength. Therefore he had specially transferred the medicinal formula allowing Xiao Yan to do his best to search for the necessary medicinal ingredients within a year in order to reassure Hai Bo Dong.
"Teacher rest assured that I will think of ways to allow you to quickly recover your Spiritual Strength." This information that was filled with Yao Lao"s effort and concern had caused Xiao Yan"s nose to feel sore. His fist tightened as...
Chapter 266: Recuperating and Flame Manipulation Ability
In the spacious and clean room a faint fog was emanated and rose into the air covering the entire room until it was somewhat distorted.
A large wooden basin was placed in the middle of the room.The basin was filled with an emerald green colored liquid. Within it a young man"s naked body was seated cross legged. His eyes were closed and his hands displayed the seal for training. He allowed the gentle energy within the emerald colored medicinal liquid to slowly enter the interior of his body a little bit at a time to repair those nearly dilapidated Qi Paths in his body.
As the training dragged on the emerald colored liquid in the wooden basin slowly became more clear. Finally the emerald color completely disappeared and was replaced by clean water where one could see the bottom of the basin through it.
"Plop!" A small snake"s head suddenly rose up from under the water. Its tail repeatedly splashed the water"s surface. Joy filled its pale purple snake eyes.
Sensing that the energy in the liquid which he was soaking in had been exhausted Xiao Yan slowly opened his eyes. He eyed the happy "Heaven Swallowing Python" beside his body and smiled. In a careful manner he twisted his body before slowly letting out a mouthful of coarse air...
Chapter 267: Queen Medusa Appearing Again?
In the spacious room Xiao Yan who was seated cross-legged on the bed suddenly and gradually opened his eyes. His clenched his fist tightly and softly said "It is time to proceed with the final step."
Xiao Yan gently rubbed the black colored ring on his finger. After which he immediately gently used both of his hands to lift the "Heaven Swallowing Python" relaxing from his thighs and placed it onto the bed. His finger pressed on its small head as he said with a smile "Little Fellow wait here quietly. Don"t create any trouble for me. If it is possible you can help guard me. Don"t let anyone interrupt me do you understand?"
After undergoing the first evolution the current "Heaven Swallowing Python" had undoubtedly began possessing some intellect. Therefore it was able to understand some of Xiao Yan"s words. It immediately blinked its pale-purple snake eyes and repeatedly nodded its little head. As it let out its snake tongue it emitted a soft hiss.
Xiao Yan smiled and rubbed the "Heaven Swallowing Python"s" ice cold body. He then moved his hand and a green colored Lotus Seat slowly appeared from within the storage ring. Finally it was suspended in midair and emitted a faint green glow.
Xiao Yan lifted his body and leaped onto the lotus in a supple manner. He sat cross-legged inhaled a deep breath and once again recalled the information that Yao Lao had left behind. His finger gently tapped on the storage ring and an item that was covered in a dense green...
Chapter 268: Contest
At the moment Xiao Yan and Queen Medusa below him who was rumored to have an extremely fierce reputation had an extremely enchanting posture. Not only was her body completely pressed down by Xiao Yan but her red sleek small mouth also had a finger of Xiao Yan"s in it.
Xiao Yan"s eyes watched the face in his immediate vicinity dully. This appearance that was called bewitching was like the masterpiece of the heavens. Even though this pair of bright eyes contained an evilness it was still difficult for them to hide her enchanting charm.
This woman was a stunning creature straight from almost every man"s dream.
Although the soft and lovely body under him gave Xiao Yan an incomparable pleasure his face did not dare to express even the slightest bit of it at this moment. His gaze contained some horror as he stared blankly at Queen Medusa. A moment later the corner of his mouth twitched once and revealed an extremely ugly smile "Hel... Hello."
As he said the words the finger of Xiao Yan"s which was extended into Queen Medusa"s mouth involuntarily stretched out a little. Immediately he touched the delicate and moist little tongue. At that moment Xiao Yan"s body abruptly trembled. A numb feeling spread out from his heart almost giving him...
Chapter 269: Sharp Rise in the Degree of Compatibility
Sitting on the ground with perspiration covering his body Xiao Yan intensely and roughly gasped for air. His sleeves rubbed the perspiration on his forehead and he shook his head with a bitter smile. These few minutes of facing off in such a manner actually caused more fatigue than his fight with a Da Dou Shi. Luckily for him Queen Medusa"s strength was much weaker for some unknown reason. Otherwise he may really have been killed by her today.
Xiao Yan still had some palpitations remaining in his heart as he sighed. He slowly stood up shifted his gaze and suddenly stopped at the green colored flame which was like a flame snake moving up and down his body as it danced. Immediately he was at a loss and his mouth opened slightly.
This green colored flame shaped like a long whip was the one randomly pulled together by Xiao Yan when he had quickly jumped back from the bed. His relaxed manner in pulling it out appeared to have not caused him to use much effort.
After the long flame whip was pulled out it separated from Xiao Yan"s palm. After which it automatically moved along Xiao Yan"s body and rotated. That posture of it was as though it was a divine artifact which possessed...
Chapter 270: Purple Flame Pill
Within the room Xiao Yan slowly rubbed his chin his face was filled with an expression of contemplation. A long while later he flipped his hand and a transparent bottle appeared in his palm. A bottle full of Amethyst Essence was contained within the bottle.
Xiao Yan opened the bottle cap and extended his finger into it. As he carefully dipped a little of it a stinging pain was immediately transmitted from his finger.
After withdrawing his hand Xiao Yan"s eyes stared intently at the drop of Amethyst Essence on the tip of his finger. The Dou Qi in his body flowed seeped through his finger and gently touched the drop of purple colored Amethyst Essence. Immediately a soft muffled "bang" sounded. A thread of tiny purple colored flame rose from his finger. The hot temperature caused Xiao Yan"s eyes to narrow.
"The temperature is not bad... but unfortunately the purple flame that a drop of Amethyst Essence can create is really too little." Xiao Yan smiled and nodded his head before he immediately said somewhat regretfully.
"I don"t have much Amethyst Essence stored. If a drop of it can only create this small bit of a Purple Flame my losses would be far greater than my gain." Xiao Yan stared at the bottle of Amethyst Essence and said with his eyebrows knit together.
"But this little fellow also did not absorb much of it. How did it spit out fire...
Chapter 271: Imitation of the "Angry Buddha Lotus Flame"
Xiao Yan was stunned as he eyed the utterly discomforted Hai Bo Dong in the sky. A long while later Xiao Yan was neither able to laugh nor cry as he shook his head. He waved the two kind of flames on his hand and said with a smile "Old Hai with my current condition I am unable to unleash the explosion like back then... the one I have now is a "Angry Buddha Lotus Flame" that I have modified. The situation of me losing control will not happen."
Hai Bo Dong eyed the cluster of Purple Flame on Xiao Yan" hand. He had just realized that this cluster of purple colored flame was not a "Heavenly Flame". Although its temperature was quite hot it was undoubtedly much weaker when compared with the thick white flame that Xiao Yan controlled last time.
"This fellow. Just how many things is he hiding? One moment a green flame one moment a white flame now he has come up with a purple flame. It really is impossible to see through him." A sigh swiftly flashed across Hai Bo Dong"s heart. He faced Xiao Yan shook his head and said with clenched teeth "You lunatic. I can"t be bothered about whether you have made improvements. If you want to play then play by yourself....
Chapter 272: Resolving The Hidden Danger Before Leaving
The sudden explosion resounded throughout the training ground. The thunderous blast caused everyone to involuntarily cover their ears. A long while later they finally looked at each other with some palpitations remaining in their hearts before shifting their gazes to the training ground where dust blocked their view.
Within the training ground Xiao Yan slowly calmed his rapid breath. His face was somewhat pale. The imitation of the "Angry Buddha Lotus Flame" earlier had a Dou Qi and Spiritual Strength requirement that should not be underestimated even though it required less this time and was not as terrifying as last time.
"With this amount of Dou Qi being required it is likely that I can only use it three times before the Dou Qi in my body is completely exhausted." Xiao Yan muttered softly as he sensed the Dou Qi and Spiritual Strength in his body had sharply dropped. He immediately lifted his head and watched the opposite side which was shrouded by dust. As he waved his sleeves a gentle breeze appeared and surged out blowing away the suffused yellow dust.
As the dust cloud settled an eye-piercing enormous and deep pit immediately appeared within everyone"s sight. Instantly the corner of everyone"s...
Chapter 273: Arriving At The Capital
The darkness of night arrived and covered the land. A silver moon hung high in the sky. Its faint moonlight shone down weakly slowly expelling some of the darkness.
In the quiet courtyard three brothers were lying on comfortable soft chairs raising their heads to watch the stars that filled the sky. Occasionally they would lift the winecup beside them and pour wine for each other and drink together.
Drinking all the wine in his winecup in one gulp Xiao Yan turned around and eyed his two elder brothers who were faintly tipsy. He slowly stood up took out two scrolls whose covers were extremely old and gently placed them on a small table beside Xiao Ding and Xiao Li. Seeing their questioning gazes he said with a smile "These are two Xuan Class High Level Qi Methods. One is a wood affinity and the other is a lightning affinity. Their affinities exactly match the two of you. Within each Qi Method there is also a Xuan Class High Level Dou Technique that matches the method. With coordination between the two their strengths cannot be underestimated."
Hearing this Xiao Ding"s and Xiao Li"s somewhat tipsy eyes suddenly brightened. Just a Xuan Class High Level Qi Method alone was viewed as a treasure in the Jia Ma Empire where one would not find it in the market even if one had the money. Moreover...
Chapter 274: Primer Auction House An Old Friend
"Dammit. In the future I won"t sit on this broken thing. This slow speed really causes people to feel unbearable." After walking out of the crowded Flying Transportation Company Hai Bo Dong deeply inhaled a few breaths of fresh air as he cursed softly.
Seeing the ugly expression on Hai Bo Dong"s face Xiao Yan smiled and raised his head. His gaze swept across this magnificent capital and could not help but sigh with praise. With such a large size this Jia Ma Sacred City was definitely ranked first in terms of size among all the cities that Xiao Yan had seen.
"It really deserves to be called the capital of the Jia Ma Empire being so domineering and peerless." Xiao Yan said with a smile as he clicked his tongue and let out a sound of admiration.
Hai Bo Dong was not interested in watching these boring buildings. His gaze swept across his surroundings before he suddenly asked "When are you heading to the Misty Cloud Sect?"
"Half a month from now." Xiao Yan mused and calculated the time to the Three Year Agreement before replying.
"There"s still so much more time? Then where do we go now?" Hearing this Hai Bo Dong frowned and he immediately asked annoyed.
"Ok! Let"s first go to the auction house in the capital to take a look. That is the largest place in the Jia Ma Empire to conduct business transactions. It should have some of the things that we need. After which we will make a trip to the Alchemist Association headquarters." Xiao Yan fondled with his chin and answered while smiling "This session of the Alchemist Grand Meeting will be conducted there. I am thinking of going to take a look. Moreover alchemists love to collect all kinds of different precious medicinal ingredients. It may be possible that we will be able to find the medicinal ingredients needed for the "Spiritual Recovery Purple Pill" there."
"Hee hee it"s just as well. This Alchemist Grand Meeting is a rare and great event in the Jia Ma Empire. It would be a pity to miss it..." Hai Bo Dong did not oppose Xiao Yan"s plan. He fondled his white beard smiled and said with some interest "But it is really worthwhile for you to take a look at this Alchemist Grand Meeting. For an alchemist not only does allow you to interact with those in the same occupation but it also has a somewhat extraordinary significance at the same time. As long as one is able to to reveal one"s...
Chapter 275: Vicious
When Ya Fei raised her head she coincidentally saw Xiao Yan"s face appearing somewhat red. At that moment amusement and shock flashed across her exquisite and pretty face. She then covered her mouth immediately and laughed in a tender voice "Xiao Yan di-di after not seeing you for three years not only have you become mature you have also become much more shy."
"I have always been very shy." Xiao Yan nodded his head and said seriously.
"You weren"t like this three years ago. Has Xiao Yan di-di forgotten? Back then when I recognized your identity you were extremely boorish." A smile flashed across Ya Fei"s beautiful peach blossom eyes as she said.
Eyeing Ya Fei who was emitting an enchanting temptation between her smile and frown Xiao Yan felt somewhat helpless. After three years of training this matured woman appeared to have become increasingly enchanting. Perhaps it was because of her different status now but when she spoke to him she did not have the cautiousness back then. Instead having met as old friends their relationship became somewhat more affectionate.
"Your intention for coming to the Jia Ma Sacred City... should be due to that agreement right?" The smile on Ya Fei"s smile was slowly withdrawn as she stared at Xiao Yan in front of her and inquired softly.
Xiao Yan smiled...
Chapter 276: Searching For Medicine
On the somewhat spacious staircase Xiao Yan"s body had appeared at the side of the young man"s body in almost an instant. He abruptly tightened his fist and with explosive force violently smashed his fist into the young man"s face.
Although the body of the pale-faced young man was not very sturdy his strength was not weak. At the moment when Xiao Yan had suddenly moved he sensed something and a dark coldness immediately swarmed onto his face. His hands were crossed in front of him and the turbulent Dou Qi in his body gushed out. It formed a Dou Qi cloak on the surface of his body in an instant.
Despite being at a disadvantage from being caught off-guard the young man was very confident in his strength. Moreover the Xiao Yan in front of him was really too young. Therefore he believed that the other party"s attack should have extreme difficulty breaking through his defense.
"Little Bastard. Today even if Ya Fei wants to protect you you can forget about smoothly leaving the auction house." A dense thought flashed across the young man"s mind at the moment he blocked that attack. However before the thought in his heart fell the fist which contained a pressurizing force firmly made contact on his arm. A soft "crack" sound was emitted and following...
Chapter 277: Stopped
"Uh... selling myself?"
Hearing this Xiao Yan was momentarily at a loss. Immediately he laughed bitterly and shook his head. He turned it around faced Hai Bo Dong and waved his hand "You settle it yourself. I am only responsible for refining the medicinal pill. The matter of medicinal ingredients ought to be something that you should worry about."
Seeing the situation Hai Bo Dong helplessly shook his head. He stood up and drew out an extremely exquisite purple-gold card from his storage ring. After which he randomly threw it on the table and said "Little Girl go and quickly gather the medicinal ingredients for me. You are actually thinking of keeping him here with this one million of yours? That is really looking down on his value."
Ya Fei was stunned as she stared at the purple-gold card that had seven silver colored lines on its surface. Astonishment flashed across Ya Fei"s face. Having frequently come into contact with countless strong people she was naturally extremely clear that this kind of purple-gold card was something that only those who at least had the strength of a Dou Wang had the qualification to use. Was it possible that this seemingly humble looking old man was actually a Dou Wang?
The...
Chapter 278: Cheap Bastard
Hearing the words of Xiao Yan Ya Fei behind him also ceased her struggling. Her gaze stared at the old man who had been playing with his teacup. Recalling the purple-gold card from earlier she slowly calmed down.
On the opposite side Lei Ou also shifted his gaze toward Hai Bo Dong after Xiao Yan spoke. Seeing Hai Bo Dong"s indifferent expression Lei Ou"s eyes shrunk. His head felt slightly uneasy as he asked in a soft and low voice "You are?"
Hai Bo Dong slowly shook his head before looking up. His gaze was as indifferent as a ten thousand year ice glacier as he randomly glanced over Lei Bo. Immediately he lowered his head to watch the teacup which had also been frozen over. After a brief silence he said "Primer Tengshan. That piece of trash is still alive right?"
The calm and indifferent voice was undoubtedly like thunder violent and abrupt making it"s presence known next to the ears of those in the room excluding Xiao Yan and Ya Fei; shaking them until they became as dull as a wooden pillar.
"Oh god! He... he actually speaks of the First Elder in such a manner? The First Elder is one of the Ten...
Chapter 279: Seven Magical Green Spirit Saliva
Hearing the notification of the female servant Ya Fei became slightly blank. She immediately turned her head to see Xiao Yan"s expression which had instantly become gloomy. Helplessly shaking her head she softly inquired "Nalan Yanran?"
"Yes." The female servant respectfully replied.
"Why is she looking for me?" Ya Fei knit her eyebrows together slightly and mumbled softly. She sighed and eyed Xiao Yan apologizing "I"m sorry..."
"Go. This is your job. It"s not like I will blame you." Xiao Yan smiled. Some of the darkness on his face disappeared as he waved his hand and said.
"You may not want to meet her now so wait here for a while. After I ask for the reason for her to come I will see the both of you out." Ya Fei pretty eyes swept across Xiao Yan and the quiet indifferent Hai Bo Dong and said in a probing manner.
"It"s just as well..." After musing for a moment Xiao Yan nodded his head slightly. The current him indeed did not want to meet that woman so early. Therefore he did not reject Ya Fei"s suggestion at that moment.
Seeing that Xiao Yan had agreed Ya Fei sighed in relief. Passing by the female servant"s side Ya...
Chapter 280: Xun Er
Eyeing Xiao Yan who appeared to be in deep thought as he slowly tapped on the surface of the table Ya Fei became somewhat nervous. Grandfather Nalan as the person in charge of the Nalan clan had built up quite a good relationship with the Primer clan during these years that he was in power. If he were to fall then the collaboration arrangements between the Nalan clan and the Primer clan might descend into a period of stagnation. Such losses would be quite significant.
Of course Ya Fei naturally did not expect that Xiao Yan would be able to expel the poison in Grandfather Nalan"s body with his strength. Although after his training Xiao Yan was currently much stronger than before Ya Fei still did not think that Xiao Yan would be able to possess a "Heavenly Flame" which was nearly a legendary thing.
The main reason for her to care so much about Xiao Yan"s response was because she wanted to engage the mysterious teacher hiding behind Xiao Yan to act. After witnessing a small bit of the terrifying strength that the latter had revealed back at Wu Tan City Ya Fei could sense that he was mysterious and unfathomable. Under such a situation if he were willing to act...
Chapter 281: Secretly Hiding and Protecting
On the lush green mountain peak the young lady slowly turned her body. She watched the green colored shadow with one knee on the ground. A long while later a somewhat gentle smile appeared on her exquisite face. She said softly "It has been over a year. Xiao Yan ge-ge finally arrived at that place..."
TL: ge-ge - means older brother (more intimate)
Eyeing the gentle pretty face of the young lady the green colored shadow had wisely remained silent. He waited for a long while before the sight of the former was once again focused on his body. Only then did he slowly and roughly speak about some of the experiences that Xiao Yan had during this period of time.
Standing by the side of the cliff Xun Er quietly heard the many soul stirring things that had popped out from the shadow"s mouth. When she heard that Xiao Yan was seriously injured after fighting with two Dou Huang some heartache and surprise flashed across her autumn water gentle eyes.
"Snake Spirit Ranked Lui Man "Eight-Winged Black Serpent Emperor". The members of the Heaven Snake House have really become increasingly domineering during these few years..." Xun Er"s long delicate hand gently caught a piece of leaf that had fallen from above her head...
Chapter 282: Let Me Try
On a street that was next to the Nalan clan Xiao Yan and Hai Bo Dong separated. Only then did Xiao Yan slowly walk toward the huge compound not far away.
As he walked closer to the house which was filled with a majestic and imposing aura Xiao Yan was stunned to see that the entrance was actually clustered by quite a number of people. Moreover these people were all wearing the alchemist robes and the few bright silver colored ripples on their chests proudly revealed their status and tier.
Anyone who walked down this street where people come and go would throw envious and respectful glances at the group of alchemists who were whispering amongst themselves. In their hearts alchemy was an occupation which was so elevated that they were like nobility.
When faced with this considerably large powered alchemists the Nalan clan clearly did not dare to easily slight them. Some servants were explaining something to the alchemists waiting at the entrance in a reverent and respectful manner. Only when they discovered that the other party had the qualification to enter did they let them through. Some of the alchemists whose ability had some problem could only be rejected by the smiling faced servants. Although such an action caused those alchemists that were blocked to feel dissatisfied...
Chapter 283: Stubborn Bone Clenching Teeth Enduring Humiliation
Eyeing the young alchemist who slowly walked out from the corner everyone"s expression in the hall became blank. A ridicule immediately surfaced on the few tier three alchemists from before who could do nothing. Even a tier three alchemist could do nothing. What ability did a tier two alchemist like him have?
Nalan Su stared at the young man who had walked forward. He turned around and exchanged glances with Nalan Yanran. Each of them saw shock within the other person"s eyes. Clearly the action of this young tier two alchemist had fallen out of their expectations. The reason for them not sending him out before was because they gave Ya Fei face. Honestly speaking they did not have any expectation for this young alchemist.
Although one should not be judged by their appearance but the other party was after all only a tier two alchemist. This kind of level was only at the initial stage of the alchemist skill. Could they rely on a beginner to expel the "Searing Poison" that even Pill-King Gu He could do nothing about?
"This Little Brother you..." Nalan Su stood up. Although he did not think that the young man in front of him had any hidden ability but out of habit he still said cautiously "Do you have the confidence to cure my father?"
Xiao Yan slowly walked to the center of the room. He glanced at Nalan Su and said indifferently "May I ask does Pill-King Gu He have the confidence to cure him?"
"Uh..." Hearing this Nalan Su became sluggish for a moment. Immediately he shook his head with embarrassment. "If Pill-King Gu He was able to cure him why would we need to spend such great effort to seek medical treatment from all over the place?"
"Since even Pill-King Gu He doesn"t have absolute confidence then isn"t the words that Nalan clan head said to me a little..." Xiao Yan hoarse voice carried a little ridicule as he coldly said.
Nalan Su opened his mouth slightly. His original intention was to investigate the foundation of the young man in front of him. He did not expect that the other party...
Chapter 284: Expelling the Poison
u"Inside the quiet room Nalan and her father were talking in hushed tones occasionally turning their gazes toward the two men by the bed. After some time their whispers slowly stopped when they saw the sweat rolling off the old mans face and blue veins popping on his arm. The Nalans looked at each other and saw anxiousness and restlessness in each others eyes."
Xiao Yan\s face remained calm despite the growing restlessness in the room his fingers pointed at Nalan Jie\s back trembling slightly. The faint green flame was constantly being controlled by his spiritual strength and its high temperature was being used to slowly expel the "Searing Poison" that had already invaded the bones.
u"The green flame wrapped itself around the periphery of the pitch-black bone. Although it seemed to cling to the surface upon looking closely one would observe that they were separated by a very small gap. The Heavenly Flames temperature was too high if it were to directly come in contact with Nalan Jies bones even if he were a Dou Wang level powerhouse he would instantaneously receive a severe wound or even d..."
Chapter 285: Unexpected Surprise Black Finger
Xiao Yan slowly walked past a few streets before stopping outside an inn. After which he entered and climbed to the second story. He walked toward the area outside the quiet room knocked gently on the door and directly entered.
Hai Bo Dong was seated cross-legged on a chair in the spacious room. He had his eyes closed and a faint white colored cold mist was hovering over his body. As he inhaled and exhaled the cold mist moved along the gap on his nose and entered his body. With his body being filled with energy a faint layer of warm jade like glow seeped out of his old face.
"He really deserves to be a Dou Huang. Although his age is much older than Nalan Jie looking at his vitality he would likely at least be able to live for another fifty years if no accidents happen. If he is lucky enough to break through and become a Dou Zong he would likely enter the old monster like category." Xiao Yan closely closed the door and gently walked into the room. He glanced at the bright and energetic face of Hai Bo Dong. When he compared it with Nalan Jie whose entire body was shrouded by a deathly aura he could not help but sigh emotionally in his heart.
Although the noise that Xiao Yan made was extremely slight it was undoubtedly as clear as thunder for a strong person like Hai Bo Dong. Immediately the icy cold air around his body was swiftly absorbed into his body to be stored. Hai Bo Dong then opened his eyes and swiftly looked around the room while carrying a coldness. Only when his gaze shifted over Xiao Yan"s body did the cold air finally began to gradually withdraw. At the same time the sharp and imposing manner surrounding the exterior of his body also quietly...
Chapter 286: To Scour For Treasure
At the place where two streets intersected stood a very large building which was perpetually shrouded by a faint medicinal pill-like fragrance. Above the towering main door was a plaque with "The Alchemist Association" three ancient looking flamboyant large words. It twinkled with a pale-silver glow that caused the passersby to involuntarily throw it a respectful gaze.
Being the headquarters of the Jia Ma Empire Alchemist Association even the emperor would have to be modest and courteous when he came to this place. After all the people that lived within this building could create a force that was sufficient enough to shake the entire empire. They belonged to the most respected occupation in the entire Dou Qi continent.
At the large door of the Alchemist Association numerous alchemists who were usually rarely seen were entering with hurried footsteps. Their bodies had different colored alchemist robes which proudly represented their tier.
Standing by the large door Xiao Yan raised his head to look at the extremely majestic and imposing looking Alchemist Association Headquarters. He could not help but praise and shake his head. Such an imposing presence really lived up to its position as the head of the dragon for the alchemists in the Jia Ma Empire.
"Are you planning on participating in the Alchemist Grand Meeting?" Hai Bo Dong who stood beside Xiao Yan raised his head and also looked at the Alchemist Association which was even more crowded and lively than usual before tilting his head as he inquired.
"We"ll see. If there is a reward that can move me I may participate. If there isn"t..."...
Chapter 287: The Benefits of the Champion
Xiao Yan"s gaze stared lazily at this black colored broken jade piece. He randomly held it in his hand. The jade piece that entered his hand was not smooth. Instead it was covered with tiny granules and appeared as if the material was not very good. Moreover there were some faint crack lines on the jade piece. Between the gaps there were even some soil stains.
As he played with the jade piece Xiao Yan"s eyebrows were knit together. From his senses he appeared to feel that this thing was somewhat strange. However he was unable to say where it was strange. His Spiritual Strength explored around it but found no activity nor did he receive any information.
"Don"t tell me that I have sensed wrongly?" Xiao Yan uncertainly muttered in his heart. His finger slowly cut across the jade piece. He wanted to put it down yet his palm could not throw it aside. A long while later he helplessly shook his head and eyed the man who was staring at him anxiously. His hand randomly chose a few medicinal ingredients that looked barely acceptable. After which he waved at the young man smiled and asked "Do you want to exchange for items or sell them?"
"Grandmaster I want to exchange them for a tier three medicinal pill." Hearing this the young man"s spirit rose. Immediately he smiled awkwardly as he spoke. He knew in his heart that these medicinal ingredients did not appear to be worth a tier three medicinal pill.
Xiao Yan indifferently glanced at him. He placed the things in his hands into the storage ring. After which he easily took out a bottle which only had three "Energy Recovery Pills". He tossed it to the man and...
Chapter 288: Participate
The weak enchanting voice resounded within Xiao Yan"s mind causing his body to feel an icy chill. The hand in his sleeves trembled slightly without being noticed. Xiao Yan slowly let out a breath and did his best to prevent the startled expression from surfacing on his face. He lowered his head slightly. A long while later he gradually calmed down and calmly asked in his heart "You want the medicinal formula?"
After the words were throught however all remained quiet. Queen Medusa did not give any response.
Xiao Yan slowly frowned. He once again shouted a couple of times in his heart. However it was like a rock sinking into the ocean. After trying like this for a few times he could only choose to give up. His fingers curled and flicked on the table surface as a thought began to rotate in his heart. The effect of the "Thawing Spirit Pill" was to let the spirit and the physical body merge together. The reason for Queen Medusa to be so concerned was naturally because of her and the "Heaven Swallowing Python". This was something Xiao Yan was clear of.
However... if Queen Medusa was really allowed to obtain the "Thawing Spirit Pill" wouldn"t she be able to control the "Heaven Swallowing Python"s" body? When that time comes... perhaps only with Yao Lao protecting him could Xiao Yan have some chance of escaping from a Dou Zong class legendary strong person. Although she said that she would not kill him Xiao Yan still did not quite believe her.
However if Xiao Yan did not comply with Queen Medusa"s request his relationship with her may well grow even worse. During the initial...
Chapter 289: Liu Ling
In the spacious room Xiao Yan was frowning slightly as he eyed the spot where his finger touched Nalan Jie"s back. With his previous experience he could clearly sense the flame was doped with some unknown things which were in turn absorbed into his body the instant the green colored flame was withdrawn.
"A mutation of the "Searing Poison" is indeed scary. Even with my current flame controlling ability I am unable to completely incinerate it. Ugh it is likely that only Yao Lao"s "Bone Chilling Flame" can completely remove it." Xiao Yan slowly removed his finger shook his head and sighed softly in his heart.
"We will stop here for this poison removing session. After a couple more times I think that the poison in your body will be completely removed." Xiao Yan retracted his finger into his sleeves then eyed Nalan Jie whose expression was much improved since the last time and said.
"Thank you very much Little Brother Yan Xiao. I am able to sense that the "Searing Poison" in my body is gradually decreasing." Nalan Jie wiped off the perspiration on his forehead. The intense pain each time the poison was expelled was very exhausting similar to him having gone through a battle with a strong person of the same class. He turned his head around and thanked Xiao Yan whose face showed slight exhaustion.
"It is just that each of us are holding what the other requires." Xiao Yan indifferently shook his head. His mind scanned the interior of his body a couple of times. He knit his eyebrows even deeper as he realized that the "Searing Poison" appeared to have become even more dense in his body after this poison removing session.
"Ah... this thing. I wonder if it is a blessing or trouble. It would be good if Teacher was here....
Chapter 290: Hidden Opponent
Within the quiet room Xiao Yan who was seated cross-legged on the bed. slowly opened his eyes. A glint flashed across his dark eyes. Turbid air moved along his throat as he exhaled. Xiao Yan"s face faintly emitted a weak glow. Clearly the Dou Qi in his body had greatly increased after this training session.
"The energy contained within this "Searing Poison" is indeed very large. Even though I have refined it a number of times it still possesses such substantial energy." As he sensed his Dou Qi that was becoming more thicker and more powerful Xiao Yan could not help but mutter softly.
"The energy may be substantial but... it also has a price." Xiao Yan laughed bitterly. He shook his right hand and a cluster of green colored flame rose. On the outer surface of the flame vague black colored marks were writhing slightly. Finally it was completely suppressed to Xiao Yan"s middle finger. Immediately his long finger turned as black as ink appearing extremely strange.
"Ah the "Searing Poison" is increasingly dense..." Eyeing the color of his finger which had turned darker Xiao Yan shook his head. He pressed his finger on the bed pillar by the side. The tough wooden pillar was instantly corroded and an empty hole was formed.
"Forget it. As long as I get hold of the "Seven Magical Green Spirit Saliva" I will be able to wake Teacher. When that time comes there should be a solution that solves these problems." Xiao Yan stared at his finger for a long while as he muttered "Although this thing is very dangerous I have absorbed quite a lot of energy from this "Searing Poison" during the last two days. According to the energy level it will likely...
Chapter 291: Advance to Seven Star The Final Test
Xiao Yan was seated cross-legged on the bed. At this moment the natural energy within the room was fluctuating somewhat intensely. Numerous energy ripples that were visible to the naked eye were surging and rolling out from within Xiao Yan"s body. His clothes had swollen until they were bulging. On his grave face a faint green glow was partially visible.
As the surrounding natural energy was poured into Xiao Yan"s body wave after wave the green glow on his face also grew increasingly dense. In the end the green colored glow almost covered his entire face. The force within his body was also gradually being raised.
When the rising force reached a certain level the surrounding fluctuating energy suddenly came to an abrupt stop. The swollen clothes on Xiao Yan"s body appeared to have stiffened and did not move anymore.
This strange quiet pause continued for nearly ten seconds. Xiao Yan who had his eyes tightly closed suddenly opened them. The green colored flame instantly rolled and surged up before immediately and swiftly disappearing. A fierce glow suddenly shot out from within his dark eyes.
With his body maintaining its training mode Xiao Yan opened his mouth. A somewhat black colored turbid air was spat out. The black air wreathed upward. Anything that touched it was completely corroded. It continued to rise until it corroded a small hole in the roof before it finally gradually turned into nothingness under the sunlight.
After exhaling the turbid breath. The fierce glow in Xiao Yan"s eyes also quietly withdrew. The stiffened clothes once again became soft as they nestled close to Xiao Yan"s skin. The imposing force that was lingering within the room was also withdrawn into his body.
"Seven star Dou Shi..."
As...
Chapter 292: Refining
"Hey Old Ao have you also brought someone over?" During the time that the atmosphere in the hall was very quiet an old laugh rang out.
Xiao Yan followed the voice and shifted his gaze. He realized that there were some old people wearing alchemist robes standing with smiles on a high platform positioned on the left side of the hall. The voice from before came from one of the snow white haired old men.
"That is the deputy chairman of the association Qie Mi Er. He is also the Little Princess"s teacher." Ao Tuo smiled and waved to the old man before tilting his head and speaking to Xiao Yan.
"Ah." Xiao Yan nodded slightly.
"Just ignore these arrogant people"s eyes. Being able to become a tier three alchemist at such an age their talents are naturally all very outstanding. It is expected that they would all be a little proud. They would not pay attention to those who have not reached their level. Most of the young people these days who have some ability are like this." Ao Tuo glanced at those young people in the hall patted Xiao Yan"s back and comforted him.
Xiao Yan smiled but did not speak.
"Follow me to meet those old fellows. They are people who possess great capability within the Jia Ma Empire." As Ao Tuo spoke he led the way toward the towering platform at the side. Xiao Yan...
Chapter 293: Put to The Test
In the quiet hall Qie Mi Er who was seated on the high platform had his eyes closed as he rested. On the table in front of him stood an hourglass with sand falling in it...
After the quiet atmosphere persisted for an unknown amount of time Qie Mi Er was the first to open his eyes. He glanced at the hourglass where half of its contents had fallen. He moved slightly as he coughed gently.
As Qie Mi Er"s soft cough sounded Ao Tuo and the others also opened their eyes. They lifted their eyes and inspected the room before saying with a laugh "Looks like the test this time around is fairly difficult. Until now no one has actually come out."
"People with ability want to raise the degree of purity as much as possible while people with poor ability are distressed with how to refine the ingredients during the time allocated Therefore it is natural that no one has come out within this short period of time." Qie Mi Er smiled and faintly replied.
"Who do you think will be able to obtain the best result?" Ao Tuo nodded his head lifted the teacup in front of him and sipped before asking with a smile.
"It"s difficult to say..."
Qie Mi Er"s shrivelled hand gently tapped on the armrest of the chair. He mused a little before saying "From how I see it Liu Ling"s chances should be the highest. He has quite good talent. During these many years he has also learned nearly thirty to forty percent of Gu He"s knowledge. It is sufficient for him to be among the best of his generation."
"Haha. Little Princess isn"t bad either. The foundation of the imperial family is extremely solid. If someone were to say that they did not prepare some hidden cards for her this time around none of us would believe that person." Ao Tuo said...
Chapter 294: The Finish
Silence.
A silence like that of death. The originally lively hall had in an instant become totally quiet. The flickering bright red glow on the examination machine flashed on the faces of everyone imprinting a comical dullness.
Ao Tuo watched the flickering monitor with a stunned expression. His heart which felt a little helpless at Xiao Yan"s earlier performance appeared to have undergone a drastic change. Having the ability to refine the "Black Iron Spiritual Leaf" for eight times was something that could be comparable to some alchemists who had just entered tier four. It should be known that with Ao Tuo"s flame controlling ability he could only refine the ingredient nine times...
TL: Peak of tier three -> Start of tier four = large jump like Dou Shi to Da Dou Shi
However Xiao Yan was actually able to achieve this stage at such an age. He was afraid that this training talent could only use one word to be described: Monstrous!
Ao Tuo had never underestimated Xiao Yan"s talent for refining pills. However Xiao Yan"s performance had still let him understand that his high regard for Xiao Yan was still low...
"It appears that this fellow already possesses the ability to take the test for a tier three alchemist....
Chapter 295: Black Horse
As Xiao Yan walked out of the test ground Ao Tuo caught up with him from behind and walked side by side with Xiao Yan. Occasionally Ao Tuo would tilt his head and glance at the calm faced young man who was smiling. His gaze was somewhat strange.
"Why do you keep staring at me?" After walking for some distance Xiao Yan could not endure Ao Tuo"s gaze. Finally he helplessly shook his head and asked.
"Ke ke I am just trying to figure out how many things you little fellow are hiding. You are actually able to cause everyone to be so shocked..." Ao Tuo said with a smile.
Hearing this Xiao Yan could only helplessly shrug his shoulders.
"With your performance being so eye catching this time around I think that old fellow Qi Mi Er will definitely come to me to inquire about your background pretty soon. Although he does not know your actual ability just being able to refine the "Black Iron Spiritual Leaf" eight times when you are only around twenty years old is something that could be counted with one hand since the association was founded." Ao Tuo said.
"I know..." As Xiao Yan slowly walked he nodded his head. During the refining of the "Black Iron Spiritual Leaf" he had also considered all of this. However the Grand Meeting was about to begin. Revealing his...
Chapter 296: Gathering
After walking out from the alchemist association Xiao Yan returned directly to the inn where he was staying at. He rested a couple of hours in the inn until he had recovered to his peak before he left the inn. He then walked to the Nalan clan to begin today"s poison removing session.
Although he knew that the "Searing Poison" within his body would become denser each time he helped Nalan Jie remove the poison Xiao Yan could only continue in this manner in order to get the powerful energy contained in the "Searing Poison" and the "Seven Magical Green Spirit Saliva". However regardless of how abnormal the "Searing Poison" was he was not extremely concerned. After all with the "Green Lotus Core Flame" protecting his body Xiao Yan believed that he could contend with the "Searing Poison" even if it erupted inside him.
After these few days where Nalan Jie and Nalan Su personally saw him off the entire Nalan clan had all come to know Xiao Yan as a young man with a cold expression. Therefore when they saw his figure not only did they not step forward to block him they also respectfully bowed and greeted him when he passed by.
Currently the sky had already turned dark. However the Nalan clan remained brightly lit. The members of the clan came and went on the paths much like a marketplace.
Xiao Yan walked past a couple of small paths with great familiarity and the spacious large hall of the Nalan clan once again appeared in his sight. He slowly walked closer. Waves of noisy laughter that were mixed with some melodies were emitted from the hall. This caused Xiao Yan who liked serenity to frown slightly.
Slowly walking into the hall Xiao Yan lifted his eyes and glanced around. He saw that...
Chapter 297: Mu Zhan
In another corner of the large hall Nalan Jie and the guests who were here to celebrate the joyous occasion were conversing with smiles. By chance his gaze which was drifting around suddenly stopped in the direction where Xiao Yan"s group of three people sat. When he saw the warm harmoniously laughing manner his eyebrows frowned slightly. He smiled and dismissed the guests in front of him before taking a few steps back and arriving at Nalan Su"s and Nalan Yanran"s side.
"Yanran is young friend Yan Xiao and Primer Tengshan very close?" Nalan Jie softly inquired.
Nalan Yanran rotated her bright eyes. She glanced at the corner where Xiao Yan was at. After gently sipping the red wine in her hand she shook her head and said "I don"t think that he is close to Primer Tengshan. Instead he should be close to Ya Fei. Have you forgotten? Back then Yan Xiao came because of Ya Fei"s recommendation letter."
"Uh..." Nalan Jie knit his eyebrows together and softly scolded "That old fellow Tengshan actually wants to use a beauty to attract him? How shameless..."
"Ah with Yan Xiao"s potential...
Chapter 298: A Brief Fight
The ferocious force that had suddenly burst forth in the large hall swiftly drew the gazes of those around. When these gazes saw the fierce and brutal faced young man they were all momentarily stunned. Immediately they turned their gloating faces toward Xiao Yan whom the young man was facing. Clearly they had all recognized this young man who possessed a very well known name in the capital.
"Have they finally started fighting...." In the large hall Little Princess smiled and shook the red wine in her transparent cup as she laughed softly.
"Uh... that is... Mu Zhan?" Most of the people surrounding the Little Princess were children of aristocrats. Therefore they could identify the young man with a face filled with fierceness and brutality. Immediately their expressions changed as they let out an involuntary cry. Many of them had suffered under this fellow back then.
"No wonder you said that something interesting would happen tonight. I see that you are talking about this fellow..." Eyeing the green clothed Mu Zhan Liu Ling was momentarily stunned before he immediately laughed softly with understanding.
"Many people in the capital know that Mu Zhan is extremely infatuated with Ya Fei from the Primer clan. Back then before he left he had even arrogantly expressed that...
Chapter 299: Nalan Yanran Intervenes
Within the large all everyone was eyeing Xiao Yan with astonished faces. They had never thought that this young man who appeared to specialize in refining medicine would not be any worse than Mu Zhan in terms of combat. The lightning like exchange from before may have lasted for only a short moment but everyone knew the danger involved.
Among the younger generation within the capital Mu Zhan"s combat talent could be described as being among the top. There was hardly anyone of the same age group within the Jia Ma Sacred Empire who could fight neck to neck with him. This was especially so after he had trained for two years at the military barracks. The current Mu Zhan had undoubtedly become much stronger and fiercer compared to before. However in that fight earlier he did not appear to have much of an advantage.
Although it could be said that Mu Zhan had yet to use all his strength in this exchange. Not even a Dou Technique had been displayed but no one forgot that the young man who had an ordinary appearance had similarly relied entirely on his body"s ability to fight.
"It is really unexpected that Yan Xiao"s combat ability is actually this...
Chapter 300: The End
"Stop I say!" Nalan Jie shouted with an ugly expression as he squeezed through the confused crowd and quickly arrived by Nalan Yanran"s side.
His footsteps stopped beside Nalan Yanran. He first turned to Xiao Yan and asked "Little friend Yan Xiao are you alright?"
Xiao Yan shook his head indicating that nothing was serious.
Nalan Jie sighed in relief once he saw that Xiao Yan was safe. If he had been injured it might have been a disaster for himself.
u"As his eyes glanced over at the young tranquil face Nalan Jie could not help but think even more highly of him. Although the battle lasted for a short time with Nalan Jies strength he was naturally aware of it the instant the fight broke out. He had deliberately arrived late obviously trying to observe Xiao Yans fighting strength. After all a lot of alchemists though extremely proficient at refining were a complete mess when it came to fighting. Nalan Jie had seen such people before."
"This little guy I did not expect that besides having an extraordinary talent in alchemy his fighting strength is not weak either. Looking at his aggressive attacks he seems to be a person who has already killed before." Secretly admiring in his heart Nalan Jie turned his eyes to Mu Zhan his old face sank as he shouted "Mu Zhan I did not think that after two years of experience...
Chapter 301: Sudden Appearance of a Dou Huang"s Presence
"Did you purposefully act so intimate with me to turn me into a shield to block that fellow?" Xiao Yan suddenly said with a faint smile as he and Ya Fei came to a stop near the entrance to the hall.
"I"m sorry..." Having her intention exposed by Xiao Yan Ya Fei"s pretty face became bright red as she softly apologized "I have really become afraid of his pestering. He won"t leave when he is beaten up he won"t listen when I lecture him so I can only do it this way..."
"You... you aren"t angry are you?" Ya Fei looked at Xiao Yan and timidly asked. Although acting like this could help her extricate herself it ended up resulting in the innocent Xiao Yan being hated by Mu Zhan without reason.
"Anyways it"s not the first time that I experienced this..." Xiao Yan smiled bitterly and shook his head.
Hearing this Yan Fei pursed up her red lips and smiled gently. However she did not dare to speak resulting in the atmosphere between the two of them to pleasantly become silent.
"*Cough*... why don"t you go and walk around. I need to go and help Grandfather Nalan to complete today"s poison removing session." A long while later Xiao Yan coughed softly and in an offhanded manner...
Chapter 302: Linen Robe Jia Lao
In the dark night sky two flashes flew past much like falling stars.
Nalan Jie and Primer Tengshan had faces that were as deep as water. Their gazes stared directly in the distant north-west direction. That place appeared to belong to the tomb of the Imperial Family within the capital. Usually it was extremely remote. It was entirely unexpected that two Dou Huang would suddenly appear tonight.
"Huh?" During the flight Primer Tengshan"s expression suddenly changed. His flying speed gradually slowed down. He eyed the flying human figure a short distance away who was following closely behind. With a stunned voice he said "This is... Yan Xiao? How can he transform Dou Qi into wings?"
At the time Primer Tengshan turned his head around Nalan Jie by the side also sensed the movement in the air. When he turned his head around to take a look shock also surfaced on his old face.
Of course their hearts may be shocked but the two of them were after all not of the younger generation like Mu Zhan and the others. Being well informed they did not forget themselves. Although there was a pair of wings present behind Xiao Yan at the moment they saw that his Qi still remained merely at the Dou Shi class.
"Old fellow do you still recall that there was a special kind of Dou Technique that had been lost over the ages?" Tengshan slowed down his speed and eyed Xiao Yan who was swiftly flying over. He then suddenly spoke to Nalan Jie.
"You are saying.. a flying type Dou Technique right?" Nalan Jie was momentarily at a loss before he replied with a sudden understanding.
"Ah I did not expect that young friend Yan Xiao had such a strong backing. He is even able to...
Chapter 303: Jia Lao"s Strength
"Not qualified?"
Some shock surfaced on Jia Lao"s gentle old face. He immediately turned a strange gaze toward Xiao Yan. With Hai Bo Dong"s Dou Huang class strength he actually said that he was not qualified to be this little fellow"s teacher? Did he really have such great potential?
Under the night sky Nalan Yanran and the others could only speechlessly watch the laughing Hai Bo Dong. After they were dumbstruck for a while they treated these words of Hai Bo Dong as a joke. In this Jia Ma Empire if a Dou Huang were to release news that he wanted to accept disciples there would be an unknown number of people with outstanding talent swarming over quickly to fight for the spot. Being able to become the disciple of a Dou Huang basically represented that one possessed the capability to become a strong person.
"Haha Old Hai is just joking. Jia Lao please don"t mind him. It"s just that the little me already has a teacher and naturally cannot switch to someone else so carelessly." Xiao Yan shook his head as he said with a smile.
By his side Hai Bo Dong was silent. Back then despite having recovered his Dou Huang strength Xiao Yan still gave him an extremely...
Chapter 304: Fa Ma Yao Ye. The Grand Meeting Begins!
The next day there were no clouds in the blue sky for tens of thousands of kilometers. The sunlight was warm yet not overbearing. The occasional breeze that brushed past carried away the noise within the city causing one to feel very refreshed.
Today there was a great event within the Jia Ma Empire. The Alchemist Grand Meeting would begin today.
The moment the first rays of sunlight broke through the boundary of the land and shone upon the city that had a rich history groups of human figures in long alchemist robes began to appear on the quiet streets.
These people who had an occupation that was highly regarded were usually seldomly seen en masse. Due to their great strength and their incomparable importance alchemists appeared to be somewhat mysterious and revered in ordinary people"s hearts. Today these alchemists of high status were like ants leaving their nest repeatedly swarming out from the various resting places in the capital. Although the paths they took differed their final destination was that ancient looking alchemist association that stood in the center of the city.
Today all the shops within the Jia Ma Sacred City were opened much earlier than usual. Countless people climbed out of their warm beds stood at the door and eyed the large group of alchemists bustling through the streets. Their gazes were filled with heat and respect.
The Alchemist Grand Meeting during these few days would be the Jia Ma Sacred City"s most lively and fiery period of the entire year...
The alchemists that were usually rarely seen came out from all directions today and appeared at a scale similar to a military unit. This kind of majestic scene was something that people only had the luck to see during the Alchemist Grand Meeting...
On this special day Xiao Yan had also woken up very early. He sat cross legged on the bed and quietly readjusted his condition for an hour. When his body had achieved its peak condition he finally slowly opened his eyes.
Xiao Yan lazily twisted his body. He heard some crackling sounds within his body. With a slight smile he came down from the bed and walked out of the inner hall. At one glance he saw Hai Bo Dong who was by the window side.
"You"re awake? Today the number of alchemists appearing in the Jia Ma Sacred City will likely reach a frightening number. It is indeed worthy of being the Alchemist Grand Meeting. Only this kind of great event can summon all of the alchemists within the empire." Hai Bo Dong"s gaze eyed the street where alchemists were repeatedly flashing past. He could not help but click his tongue and praise.
"Alchemists are also people. They also need the honor and approval... this Alchemist Grand Meeting will be their best stage." Xiao Yan poured a cup of tea for himself sipped a little and said with a faint smile.
Hai Bo Dong turned his body around stared at Xiao Yan with a smile he asked "Actually I am very curious. With your ability you would actually be thinking of participating in the Alchemist Grand Meeting. Although this kind of Grand Meeting is rarely seen it does not quite suit your ability does it?"
Xiao Yan smiled lifted his teacup with both hands and said softly "I don"t have a choice. Who asked this Grand Meeting"s Champion prize to be something that interests me. That "Thawing Spirit Pill" medicinal formula will be very useful to me..."
"Although you are not an alchemist I think you should also know what kind of alluring ability a medicinal formula has toward an alchemist. That tier six medicinal formula has an...
Chapter 305: First Round Begin!
Fa Ma stood in front of the VIP seats and eyed the bustling plaza. A while later he softly said "Now I would like to invite all the competitors to move to their assigned positions."
Although the plaza was currently bustling about to the point that the ring of the bell could hardly be heard Fa Ma"s voice managed to still sound in everyone"s ears. From this it could be seen that this dying old man possessed extremely extraordinary strength.
Hearing Fa Ma"s words many alchemists in the VIP seats immediately stood up. There the alchemists were mostly groomed by or roped into some of the more powerful groups. Due to having a powerhouse to support them the tier of these alchemists was slightly higher as a whole compared to those "free" alchemists.
The high platform was tens of meters higher than the open ground below. With such a height these young people many of them whose strength was merely that of a Dou Shi or perhaps even a Dou Zhe would naturally not dare leap down. Therefore on the walkway by the two sides of the VIP seats there were staircases that exclusively led to the open ground below. Currently they were successively walking down under countless gazes.
"Ke ke Liu Ling Little Yue Er Yan Xiao you should also go to your respective positions... as your results in the internal test were the most outstanding the stations over there belong to the three of you. Those three seats will make you the focus of the crowd"s attention." Fa Ma"s finger pointed at a place located in the middle of the open ground. That place had over ten huge green tables and not only were these green tables larger than the others they also seemed to be elevated higher...
Chapter 306: Soul-Stirring
Xiao Yan quietly stood in front of the rock table. He quietly pushed the crimson cauldron in front of him a little further away. The current him did not immediately summon out his flame and start the refinement like the other alchemists. Instead he quietly held the thin paper with both hands knit his eyebrows slightly together and studied what little information was written on it in greater detail.
Before doing anything one must first make preparations. This logic was something that Xiao Yan clearly understood. He only had two chances. Any negligence would result in failure.
This time around the examination required one to refine a tier two medicinal pill that was called "Bone Growing Pill". As the name suggests it was a kind of medicinal pill used to cure those who were quite seriously injured. It was a medicinal pill that was of the healing category. Usually these medicinal pills were not overly expensive. If they were placed on the market it would likely be priced at a few hundred or a few thousand gold coins. This price appeared a little shabby compared to those medicinal pills that could raise one"s Dou Qi or have other uses.
Refining the "Bone Growing Pill" needed a total of six kinds of medicinal ingredients. Among all of the tier two medicinal pills it was not considered to be extremely complex. However this kind of "Bone Growing Pill" was clearly a new kind of healing medicine specially configured by the alchemist association. Therefore Xiao Yan still felt that the "Bone Healing Pill" was a little foreign despite having seen quite a number of healing medicines before.
Although there were many different kinds of healing medicines that were mysterious and strange all roads lead to Rome. The rough sequences used to refine these healing medicines were very similar. It was just that the degree of complexity was different. Moreover this medicinal pill was not extremely...
Chapter 307: Test The Mysterious Man in The Gray Robe.
u"Xiao Yans face was calm as he looked at the pill shooting out of the cauldron. His palm released a suction force which pulled it into his palm."
The instant the pill entered his hand the little remaining sand finally fell down. On the big open ground hundreds of red lights behind those alchemists who had still not finished refining the pill lit up.
Disappointedly looking at the flashing red light those alchemists smiled bitterly and took back their respective cauldrons their faces were dispirited as they exited the square.
Standing behind the green table Xiao Yan looked at the contestants withdraw one after another. His eyes looked around somewhat startled at his discovery. This was just the first round of assessments and yet unexpectedly one-third of the participants had been eliminated. He let out a sigh as he thought about the strictness and the harshness of the Grand Meeting.
Playing with the pill in his hand Xiao Yan turned his head to the nearby Liu Ling. This fellow was throwing a smile at the pill in his hand his whole face full of a proud color. He looked at Xiao Yan his pill steadily grasped in his hand and said with a smile "Mr. Yan Xiao ah you truly have good luck. Unexpectedly you managed to refine the pill at the last moment.... You had the best score for the internal test so if you failed to pass even this round it would have been a big joke."
Shooting a look at Liu Ling\s triumphant appearance Xiao Yan faintly smiled and said "In any case one would be considered to have passed as long as this is refined. Whether it is finished in the first moment or the last makes no difference at all...."
"Mr. Yan Xiao seems to be deceiving himself and others. In this Grand Meeting attended by innumerable outstanding Alchemists refining with the fastest speed in an undeniable skill." Liu Ling laughed. He was naturally unwilling to let Xiao Yan diminish his achievements.
"Ha-ha perhaps..." Xiao Yan shrugged as he no longer wasted his words on Liu Ling. He turned his head toward the Little Princess and smiled. Looking up at the VIP seats he saw Fa Ma waiting for his turn to speak.
"Hu...."
In the VIP seats Ao Tuo heavily exhaled. He...
Chapter 308 : The Overly Simple Second Round
Although many people felt strange that the bamboo hat of the gray robe young man had suddenly disappeared none of them suspected Hai Bo Dong. At this moment most of the audience"s eyes were basically glued to the tender face of the gray robe young man. It was likely that this young man"s age was the youngest in all of the seasons of the Alchemist Grand Meeting
The gray robe young man patted off the remnant ice fragment on his shoulders. He then lifted his head to look at Hai Bo Dong and the others on the VIP seats revealing a cold smile. His lips moved slightly. By relying on the shape of this mouth Fa Ma and the others could clearly identify what he had said "I want the champion spot for this Grand Meeting!"
"How is it? Can you see if he is disguising his appearance?" Fa Ma"s finger gently tapped on the guardrail as he asked faintly.
Hai Bo Dong and Jia Lao exchanged glances and immediately shook his head slightly. In a deep voice he said "I can"t see that he has disguised his appearance..."
"What you are telling me... is that this person is really only so young? If this is really so then I think that he has completely explained what is called a true genius. Compared...
Chapter 309: The Source of The Problem
On the huge square most of the alchemists were joyful once they inspected the formula and immediately lit their Dou Qi flames and began preparing measures to refine the pills.
Of course among so many alchemists there were naturally some cautious ones who upon looking at the simple test were surprised and hesitated. But upon discovering nothing wrong they could only helplessly shake their heads and light their fires...
Xiao Yan firmly observed the rising purple flames in the cauldron. After the temperature of the flame had reached a sufficient temperature he slowly began to throw in the medicinal ingredients one by one. His pupils constricted as he slowly began to refine.
Right after Xiao Yan began refining Liu Ling and the Little Princess on his sides slightly frowned and also started refining. They had the orthodox formula and with their capabilities as long as they were careful refining should not be too difficult. That is unless they suffered a stroke of extremely bad luck. After all no matter what it was impossible to have a success rate of 100% when it came to refining.
As the refining of the medicine once again began the noise from the two seating galleries at the sides also gradually decreased. Numerous gazes swept over the alchemists...
Chapter 310: Turning the tide Temporary Suspension of the Grand Meeting
"Green colored flames?"
"Heavens he actually possesses two kinds of flame?" Eyeing the green colored flame that was rising in Xiao Yan"s palm waves of surprised noises immediately erupted from the seating stands on both sides. Although many people present were not alchemists most of the them still knew the basic knowledge that different flames could not be merged. However Xiao Yan in front of them had appeared to use reality to break their knowledge.
Compared to the audience on the seats around them the alchemists on the open ground undoubtedly felt an even greater shock. As an alchemist they had an even clearer understanding on how dangerous and incredible having two types of flame appear on one"s body was compared to anyone else. It must be known that a flame was a violent and wild thing. When two violent and wild things came into contact the heat they released would be sufficient enough to incinerate their owner into a pile of ash.
Therefore when they saw that Xiao Yan was actually able to once again summon out a green colored flame that was even more ferocious than the Purple Flame shock covered all of their faces.
"Green colored flame. This fellow really still possesses a trump card." While she eyed the green colored flame on Xiao Yan"s hand the pretty eyes of Little Princess flickered as she muttered softly.
"This should be that "Heavenly Flame" which he can control right? How unexpected. It"s actually true." Liu Ling said with a deep voice in his heart as he slowly inhaled the air that had become somewhat hot as a result of the appearance of the green colored flame.
"That is." On the front stage of the VIP seats Fa Ma was stunned as he watched the green colored flame which appeared a little elegant. A long while later he narrowed his eyes and softly said "That is a "Heavenly Flame"? This little fellow actually possessed such a thing?"
"Hee hee didn"t I tell you not to underestimate him just now. He has so many trump cards that it would stun people." Hai Bo Dong smiled and said while being extremely satisfied with Fa Ma"s shocked expression.
"He"s really not someone simple. At such an age he actually possesses and has managed to tame this kind of thing that even Fa Ma and Gu He covet. He really surprises people." The appearance of the Green Flame had similarly caused Jia Lao"s face to be astonished. As a Dou Huang he was naturally very clear just what kind of terrifying force this kind...
Chapter 311: Surreptitious Black Robed Man
Moving along the street Xiao Yan walked straight to the inn where he was staying. The surrounding judging and worshipful eyes caused him to have a slight headache. He could not help but increase his pace as he passed through a few streets and entered the inn. After which he proceeded to his own room.
Xiao Yan pushed open the door entered and closed it properly. He leaned against the door and exhaled a long breath rubbing his forehead. His face was somewhat tired. Two rounds of examination may not seem like much but the trick that was hidden behind it troubled Xiao Yan greatly. Adding to this the need to fight with the gray robed young man in terms of speed during the last round only increased his tiredness. Controlling the "Heavenly Flame" was originally a precise job and speeding up the process further exhausted one"s spirit.
Xiao Yan shook his head and walked away from the door further into the room. He splashed some icy water on his face to allow himself to be much more awake. After which he walked into the inner hall and sat cross-legged on the bed. Forcing himself to resist the impulse to simply sleep Xiao Yan closed his eyes and formed the seal for training. He did his best to calm his breath and slowly entered the training mode.
After these years of training Xiao Yan was already clear that he was able to obtain a greater effect with less effort when he trained in a tired state. This kind of training was not very secret but if one wanted to become a strong person one needed to accumulate strength over time regardless of how extraordinary one"s talent was. Yao Lao had said one could only rise rapidly after one accumulated strength for a long time. This was the true path to becoming strong. Xiao Yan also deeply felt the same.
As Xiao Yan gradually entered his training mode his slightly rising and falling chest also quietly became calm. A long while later there was finally a tiny...
Chapter 312: Truth
Under the night sky two shadows shot over the roofs of different houses in an agile manner. Between some of the houses were spacious streets and although it was already late at night a great deal of people still filled the streets making noise. Fortunately the speed of the two human figures in midair was extremely fast. Even if one raised their head he would merely see two black lines that flashed and disappeared.
Xiao Yan followed close behind Hai Bo Dong and the Dou Qi in his body slowly tumbled creating waves of seemingly never ending energy for the muscles in his body. The tip of his feet gently pressed on the roof and his body quickly shot forward.
"We"re here." After Xiao Yan followed Hai Bo Dong closely as he rushed forward for a distance Hai Bo Dong in front of him suddenly warned.
Hearing this Xiao Yan nodded his head. His body that was leaning forward bent down slightly. When his feet touched the ground his palm also gently pasted onto the roof tiles making a perfect landing. There was a slight soft sound but other than that there was not even the slightest crack on the fragile tiles.
Xiao Yan patted his hand and stood up. He was however not...
Chapter 313: Yan Li
"Tsk tsk. So it"s him." Fa Ma suddenly laughed softly and coldly.
"Old Fa do you recognize him?" Haring Fa Ma"s words Xiao Yan softly inquired.
"Hee hee I recognize him as the deputy chairman of the Chu Yun Empire"s Alchemist Association. His name seems to be called Yan Li. Back then I met with him once. This fellow has quite a great reputation within the Chu Yun Empire. Additionally this fellow is a great advocate for alchemists and "Poison Masters" integrating together. Due to this he has the trust of the poison masters in the Chu Yun Empire. Therefore he is a very strong successor to become the next Chu Yun Empire"s Alchemist Association chairman." Fa Ma said.
"It is just that I did not expect this fellow would actually dare to come to the Jia Ma Empire alone. It really is a case of skilled people tending to be really bold." Fa Ma smiled faintly and said.
"What do we do next?" Hai Bo Dong carelessly asked.
"Let"s wait and see first." Fa Ma mused for a moment before indicating for the few of them to wait patiently and not be rash.
Xiao Yan nodded his head slightly and ceased speaking. He then lowered it and focused his gaze on the large man within the room. At the moment his heart had also quietly sighed in relief. It was fortunate that this fellow was not someone...
Chapter 314: Windfall
Four shadows quietly flashed under the night sky shrouded in silence.
"Hei Old Man Fa we have wasted an entire night. Now you want to just leave empty handed?" Hai Bo Dong finally could not resist opening his mouth to speak as his toes pressed gently against the rooftops.
On one side Jia Lao also nodded his head. With his character he would naturally not leave empty handed.
"In what way is this empty handed? Don"t we already know the true identity of that fellow? Now we at least have some foundation in our hearts." Clearly knowing Hai Bo Dong"s and Jia Lao"s bad mood Fa Ma could only helplessly shake his head as he replied.
"What use is there to just know? Won"t he still participate in the competition tomorrow? With that ability of his and his many years of experience refining pills becoming the champion will not be very hard for him." Jia Lao knit his eyebrows together as he said.
"Ke ke don"t we still have Yan Xiao and the two other little fellows? Who among the three of them doesn"t have some trump cards? There might be something unexpected that will happen tomorrow." Fa Ma glanced at Xiao Yan behind him before saying with a smile.
"You stop pretending to be muddled. Yan Xiao and the other two little fellows may have quite great talent...
Chapter 315: Three Lines Green Spirit Pill
""Three Lines Green Spirit Pill" a tier four medicinal pill. A normal "Three Lines Green Spirit Pill" is able to help a Dou Shi break through and enter the Da Dou Shi class. If a Da Dou Shi were to consume it it has a somewhat low chance of raising the strength of the person consuming it by one star and there are no negative medicinal effects."
"The "Three Lines Green Spirit Pill" is divided into three different grades. Each grade would result in an extra circular Pill Line forming on its body. If it is able to form three circular Pill Lines it means that it is the highest grade of the "Three Lines Green Spirit Pill". Those below the Da Dou Shi class should use these medicinal pills of the highest grade with caution! If a Da Dou Shi were to consume this pill he would have some chances of raising his strength by three stars in a short amount of time. At the same time there is also a certain chance of the medicinal effect backfiring. The strength of those who receive the backlash may decline one or even two stars. However their lives would not be endangered."
"In order to refine the "Three Lines Green Medicinal Pill" to the highest tier one would need three different flames. Moreover one must...
Chapter 316: The Final Round: Begin!
When the sky had just become bright the next day this flourishing city appeared like a huge machine controlled by a clock as it began to function in an orderly manner. The human flow that passed through the city"s streets were the best attestments to the power of this large machine.
The place within the city which was most crowded and lively today was without a question the huge Imperial family"s square. After yesterday"s competition had been spread around by the audience there was an increasing number of people whose minds were attracted by the news of this soul-stirring pill refining competition. Therefore the area outside the Imperial family square was already filled with people even though it was still quite early. The dark mass of human head extended until the edge of one"s sight.
As time elapsed a morning ray from the horizon broke through the restraining layer of clouds and shone on the huge city. The closed main doors of the Imperial Family Square were slowly opened as the sun rose. Immediately the black mass of people outside began flooding in like the tides.
Xiao Yan and Hai Bo Dong were stunned when they arrived at the open ground and eyed...
Chapter 317: Each Revealing Their Abilities
Fa Ma pressed his hands together as his gaze slowly swept across the entire open ground. The deafening noise was gradually reduced as he did so. A vigor-filled loud voice echoed throughout the entire open ground for a long time.
"The association will no longer give any help to the participants during the third round of the competition. You will each have to rely on yourself for everything including the medicinal formula medicinal ingredients etc. In other words you must successfully refine a type of medicinal pill within your ability during the time that has been allocated. The final victor will naturally be the one whose medical pill is the highest tier along with being the most useful."
When the competitors in the open ground heard the clear voice that sounded by their ears most of them were stunned by the unexpected examination prompt. A long while later there were some competitors whose faces were among the first to become pale. Clearly these people did not prepare any suitable medicinal formulas or sufficient medicinal ingredients. For such an examination prompt the result of failing to meet these two requirements was very obvious. Their chances of failure would increase greatly.
Although Xiao Yan had already known the examination problem beforehand he still put...
Chapter 318: Failure
u"The strange scene that had suddenly appeared on the open ground was also out of Xiao Yan"s expectations. He eyed the numerous stunned gazes that were shot toward him and could only helplessly shrug his shoulders. With a shake of his hand he threw the green colored flame into the medicinal cauldron. Only at this point did the flames in the competitors hands return to normal."
"This fellow." The Little Princess softly mumbled. She was a little depressed. Having never witnessed the strength of a "Heavenly Flame" she had always thought that her "Dry Blue Water Flame" was not much weaker than it. However with the supernatural display of her flame just now any observant person would be able to tell on sight that it was far beneath the "Heavenly Flame". Otherwise it would not display this kind of subservient manner.
Compared to the Little Princess dispiritedness Liu Ling"s face was slightly ugly. The brown colored flame was something that his teacher had invited numerous strong people in order to obtain from a rank five Magical Beast"s body which was similar to a human of a Dou Wang class. It was really unexpected that before it gained any limelight after being displayed today it actually saluted another person"s flame. This really caused him to be speechless.
"Humph. What is the use of having a good flame? If one is unable to control it one would only end up incinerating himself by playing with fire." Yan Li let out a soft cold laugher as he placed the black colored flame on his hand into the cauldron.
As the strange phenomenon disappeared on the open ground all the competitors also gradually pulled back their...
Chapter 319: I Am Going To Be The Champion!
Hearing the ear piercing muffled sound the Little Princess Liu Ling and Yan Li who had been deeply focused on the step of fusing the ingredients into a pill were also stunned. They immediately turned their heads over and eyed the direction that Xiao Yan was in. When they saw the black colored ashes pouring out from the medicinal cauldron each of their expressions were a little different.
"Ah." The Little Princess sighed softly. Xiao Yan was originally the one with the greatest ability to fight with the grey-robed young man from the Chu Yun Empire during this Grand Meeting. However seeing this unexpected situation it appeared that...
"Since you have withdrawn then it all relies on me. I will represent the Jia Ma Empire"s Alchemist scene and defeat that fellow. I will let everyone know that even if you aren"t up the task that fellow will not be able to snatch away the champion"s spot!" Liu Ling tightly pressed his mouth together and tightened his fist. Although he felt some pity in his heart most of his feelings were joy. Ever since Xiao Yan had arrived on the stage he and that mysterious grey-robed young man had undoubtedly become the competitors that had received the most attention during this Grand Meeting. Given Liu...
Chapter 320: Rising Once Again
"Hei so what if you"ve recovered. You want to refine a medicinal pill that surpasses the one in my cauldron during the remaining time which is half of the allocated time? Ha ha you should do things within your means. Otherwise you will only be a joke to others. Ha ha." Yan Li laughed coldly as he eyed Xiao Yan and mocked him.
Xiao Yan smiled but ignored his mocking words. With a gentle wave of his hand a breeze blew away the dark black soot on the rock table. He flicked his finger gently and a huge amount of medicinal ingredients once again completely filled the rock table.
Xiao Yan"s body was as straight as a pen as he stood in front of the rock table. His hands were slowly extended. After a short silence a green colored flame seedling rose from his body and adhered to the surface of his clothes. Not long after the first wisp of green colored flame seedling appeared clusters of flames began to continuously surge from within Xiao Yan"s body. Finally the green colored flame had actually completely wrapped Xiao Yan within. The raging green colored flame rendered him into a green colored flame person.
"Are those all "Heavenly Flame"? Just how much spiritual strength is needed to control so many of these "Heavenly Flames"?"...
Chapter 321: Purple Heart Barrier Breaking Pill
The Purple Flame abruptly poured into the medicinal cauldron. At this moment Xiao Yan"s expression had turned extremely serious as he swiftly pressed his hands over the cauldron"s flame outlet. His Spiritual Strength surged forth without being held back. The current him must be able to perfectly control the change between the two kinds of flames. Otherwise something similar to his failure the last time around would once again appear.
If Xiao Yan were to fail once again during the less than an hour remaining there would be no miracle and the result would be Yan Li becoming the champion.
n Xiao Yan"s forehead concentrated cold sweat gradually appeared. After which the sweat rolled down dripping into his dark eyes which were wide open. Xiao Yan however did not dare to blink despite the sour feeling.
The Spiritual Strength that poured out without any reservations was like a floodgate that had been lifted. The rolling waves like the flow of a river howled as they flooded the medicinal cauldron. Under the suppression and guide of Xiao Yan"s Spiritual Strength the green colored flame from earlier did not come into the slightest contact with the purple colored flame. Additionally even the heat contained within the flame was also wrapped and isolated by Xiao Yan"s Spiritual Strength.
Within the medicinal cauldron the situation had turned into something like two groups standing opposite each other with a river between them. The green and purple flames each took one side while the Spiritual Strength formed a river in the middle where the green colored medicinal pill was still slowly spinning. If the...
Chapter 322: Cauldron Explosion
Following Xiao Yan"s soft mutter the dark black ring on Xiao Yan"s finger was quiet for a moment before it suddenly trembled gently a moment later. A faint icy cold feeling began to shroud the tip of Xiao Yan"s finger causing the joint of his fingers to become slightly white.
The Purple Flame within the medicinal cauldron appeared to have sensed something and it actually began to dance around uneasily. It was fortunate however that there was the absolute suppression from Xiao Yan"s Spiritual Strength. Therefore its uneasy movement did not cause any problems.
At that moment Yan Li"s unrestrained laughter on the open ground gradually weakened these gazes which were thrown on the "Purple Heart Barrier Breaking Pill" were once again shot toward the direction where Xiao Yan was at. Currently there was only him still refining on the entire stage. The remaining alchemists had all either chosen to admit defeat or had long since withdrawn from the competition. After all in front of the peak tier four medicinal pill that Yan Li had refined they did not have the ability to oppose fate and make a comeback with a result that would shock everyone.
Yan Li ceased his tossing of the "Purple Heart Barrier Breaking Pill" in his palm. He crossed both of his...
Chapter 323: The Final Victor
The huge open ground was entirely quiet. A long while later waves of regretful sighs sounded from the audience seats on both sides.
"Ah." The Little Princess gently patted the dust that had shot over onto her sleeves. She raised her head eyed the white colored fog permeating from the spot Xiao Yan stood and shook her head with a soft sigh. No one had expected that the biggest dark horse of the Grand Meeting this season who could contend with that mysterious young man would actually end up failing for such a ridiculous reason.
"This time around the reputation of the association will really suffer a big loss."
"Ha ha Chairman Fa Ma since Yan Xiao has already failed please announce the final result for the Grand Meeting!" After Yan Li laughed wildly for a good while he finally suppressed the unrestrained joy in his heart He lifted his head and laughed as he watched Fa Ma and the others in front of the VIP seats.
"What should we do?" Hai Bodong frowned slightly. A faint dark and cold killing intent appeared and disappeared on his face. He stared at Yan Li below in a deep manner as he softly asked.
"What else can we do? Don"t tell me that we can kill him in front of everyone?"...
Chapter 324: Evaluation
Other than Xiao Yan"s somewhat weak yet bright laughter the entire huge open ground did not have any other noise. Anyone who had heard of the name "Three-Line Green Spirit Pill" stared at the young man in the competition ground with stunned expressions. Who would have expected that this young man with such an ordinary appearance was actually able to rely on his own ability and at the very last moment snatch back the champion spot which was about to fall into another country"s hands.
"Heavens. He was actually refining the "Three-Line Green Spirit Pill". No wonder he needed to change the flame a few times." The Little Princess involuntarily covered her mouth with her delicate hand. Her voice was filled with a shock that was difficult to hide. As an alchemist she had a clearer understanding than the audience about just how terrifyingly difficult it was to refine and how terribly high the chances of failure were.
"This fellow was actually hiding a third type of flame?" The corner of Liu Ling"s mouth twitched. His eyes were filled with an astonishment that was difficult to hide. In order to refine a "Three-Line Green Spirit Pill" one needed three different types of flames. However the flames which Xiao Yan had used earlier were merely the...
Chapter 325: The end of the Grand Meeting
The silence on the open ground persisted for a long time before it gradually recovered. This Old Mo had become well known in the Jia Ma Empire much earlier than Gu He so his evaluation would naturally carry significant weight. Therefore other than a small group of people there were not many who felt that he was making irresponsible remarks.
Yan Li"s expression was green. The evaluation of Old Mo had undoubtedly indirectly confirmed that the "Three-Line Green Spirit Pill" that Xiao Yan had refined did not have the slightest problem. In this case he had completely lost this time around.
Yan Li clenched his fists and waved his sleeves storing the medicinal cauldron on the stone table within his storage ring. After which he did not have the slightest hesitation as he turned around and hurriedly left under the watchful gazes of countless pairs of eyes. The dark iciness that was shot from the eyes of Fa Ma"s three man group had already let him understand that if he did not take the opportunity to leave now it was likely that he would be done when Fa Ma and the others had completed everything here.
On the high platform Fa Ma inserted both his hands into...
Chapter 326: Obtaining the Reward
As Xiao Yan walked out of the corridor he coincidentally met Ao Tuo"s group who had been waiting for a while. The few of them smiled and chatted a little. During this time Xue Mei injected a few sentences and the gaze that she used to looked at Xiao Yan was a little strange. Lin Fei on the other hand was stammering and did not dare speak much. Each time Xiao Yan shot his gaze over her face would flush. The performance of Xiao Yan a while ago had shocked this energetic girl once over. The original idol in her heart Liu Ling was quietly kicked aside. Replacing him was the quiet and thin young man"s back.
Not long after Xiao Yan conversed with Xue Mei and the others Ao Tuo forcefully ended their conversation. After which he led Xiao Yan out of the plaza and swiftly returned to the association. He arranged a quiet room for Xiao Yan allowing the latter to adjust his condition first. This was because the pale complexion of Xiao Yan was weak to the point of frightening people.
Xiao Yan eyed the room"s door which had been closed and could only helplessly shake his head. He eyed his hand which contained a green colored medicinal pill which Ao Tuo had...
Chapter 327: Obtaining the Seven Magical Green Spirit Saliva
Xiao Yan slowly walked out of the Alchemist Association under the numerous gazes that all contained various meanings to them. He stood at the main entrance and watched the sky which was gradually becoming dark. His mind was a little blank as he did so. With the end of the Grand Meeting his entire body had suddenly felt much more relaxed. Only without the pressure to absolutely take the champion spot could he truly sigh in relief.
"Ah this thing really consumes too much of one"s spirit..." Xiao Yan laughed bitterly. If it were not for Queen Medusa saying that sentence back then Xiao Yan would not be willing to desperately perform such tiring work and participate in this Grand Meeting.
As he recalled Queen Medusa"s warning Xiao Yan"s palm could not help but quietly touch the Seven Colored Heaven Swallowing Python that was twined around his arm while it was fast asleep. He did not know if it was because of Queen Medusa growing increasingly stronger but the current python frequently descended into a deep slumber. Occasionally while Xiao Yan was training his keen senses would occasionally sense that there were two spirits which were suppressing and fighting...
Chapter 328: Awakening of Yao Lao?
Xiao Yan was in a rush as he left the Nalan clan. He wanted to quickly return to the inn where he stayed when he suddenly paused his footsteps. In order to refine the "Seven Magical Green Spirit Saliva" into liquid he would naturally need a medicinal cauldron. That cauldron of his however had already been destroyed during the Grand Meeting...
Xiao Yan shook his head. He hesitated for a moment before he hurriedly walked toward the Primer Auction House. As he was afraid that he would be delayed if he met Ya Fei Xiao Yan simply bought a medicinal cauldron that was approximately the same tier as the one he previously had from the exterior of the auction house. He then hurried back to the inn he was staying at without stopping.
With complete focus Xiao Yan rushed back to the inn entered his room and turned his hand around to shut the door tightly. He strode into the interior of the room. Only after he exhaled a few coarse breaths did he finally take out the "Seven Magical Green Spirit Saliva" and place it on the table.
Sitting by the side of the table Xiao Yan"s gaze stared directly at this extremely beautiful plant for a long while before letting out a long sigh. After spending so much effort he had finally got his hands on it. It was just that he did not know if it would be...
Chapter 329: Night Discussion
Within the room Xiao Yan"s hands were placed protectively in front of his face. A long while later Xiao Yan looked through the gap between his hands and eyed the black colored ring in front of him which was once again calm. Only then did he lower his arms. He inspected his body which did not appear to have any deformation.
Xiao Yan"s clothes which appeared to have bulged out after receiving a blow from the spiritual ripple had already slowly lowered. After sensing that there was no feeling of discomfort being emitted from his body Xiao Yan finally let out a slight sigh of relief. He lifted his head and eyed the black colored storage ring in front of him. However he still did not see the figure of Yao Lao.
"What exactly happened?" Xiao Yan frowned slightly and muttered uncertainly. He called out once again but the dark black ring merely emitted a dark colored glow. It did not give any response nor was there even the slightest spiritual movement. Instead it was quiet like a pool of stagnant water.
"Don"t tell me that it failed? But the spiritual ripple earlier was indeed teacher"s..." Xiao Yan"s face was a little lost and disappointed after waiting for a long time without witnessing...
Chapter 330: Consuming the Three-Lines Green Spirit Pill
The morning of the next day warm light poured in from the gap between the windows and a tiny white-colored ray of light spread out on the room"s floor. The ray of light slowly stretched out before it finally climbed onto the bed and shone upon the face of the young man who was sitting cross-legged on it.
Sensing the warm feeling of the outside world the quiet face of the youth moved slightly. A moment later his eyes which were tightly shut gradually opened revealing a pair of dark calm and indifferent black pupils.
Xiao Yan twisted his body for a moment before leaping down from the bed in a supple manner. He opened the door only to be surprised at the empty private room beyond. It was likely that Hai Bodong had left because he had something to do. However this might be better as Xiao Yan could avoid being disturbed.
After carelessly washing up in the private room Xiao Yan flipped the green and red-colored sign by the door such that the red surfaced faced out indicating that he did not want to be disturbed.
Once he had finished all of his preparations Xiao Yan felt assured and returned to the room. He opened the window allowing the warm morning sunlight to scatter on his body. This...
Chapter 331: Advancing to a Da Dou Shi!
"Chi..."
The green-colored flame and the three-colored energy aggressively collided within the Qi Path. A soft "chi chi" noise repeatedly sounded. The three-colored energy had begun to swiftly boil at this moment. Wave after wave of rich energy ripples were emitted from within the main body of the energy and collided into the Qi Paths to cause the corner of Xiao Yan"s mouth to shiver. Fortunately these few main Qi Paths of Xiao Yan"s were extremely tough and strong. Therefore there was no serious problem other than feeling a little pain.
Xiao Yan forcefully resisted the pain as he ordered the "Green Lotus Core Flame" to wrap around the three-colored energy. After which he forcefully dragged it along and once again began circulating it through the Qi Method"s route.
The green-colored flame wrapped around the three-colored energy whizzing past the Qi Method"s route. If one"s mind were to carefully observe it one would be able to vaguely see the swiftly boiling three-colored energy within the flame.
As the "Green Lotus Core Flame" repeatedly burned the three-colored energy was completely merged into a green-brownish-colored liquid energy. Under the threat of the high temperature the energy created from the merger this time around appeared to be even larger than it was in the past. However even after becoming more powerful it still did not possess enough strength to withstand the power of the "Green Lotus Core Flame". When Xiao Yan once again deployed a wisp of green flame from the "Acceptance Spirit" the green-brownish-colored energy"s resistance finally began to gradually weaken. As the energy was circulated threads of hot green-brownish energy that had lost their wildness...
Chapter 332: Entrusting
The loud laughter of Xiao Yan quietly disappeared from within the room. He sensed the feeling of his body being full of energy. The corner of his mouth contained a smile as he tightened his fist. A rich green glow swiftly covered the surface of his hand. The green glow then darkened and a cutting edge gradually appeared.
Xiao Yan"s legs opened slightly. His feet abruptly stomped on the ground. His body seemed to have disappeared and he instantly appeared at a spot around one meter away from where he had previously been. His fist contained a powerful force that stifled people"s breathing as it violently smashed into a huge pillar in front of him.
"Bang!" A huge sound erupted and wood fragments flew in all directions. Xiao Yan tilted his head and eyed his fist which had actually passed completely through the pillar. He laughed softly and slowly withdrew it leaving an empty hole and a few deep crack lines on the pillar.
TL: How did the house not fall....
Xiao Yan"s palm curled slightly. His fingers were slightly bent as a faint green glow permeated through the tip of his finger. A moment later he gently flicked his finger and the green-colored force shot out like a sharp arrow as it left his finger. Immediately a "bang" sounded smashing the flower vase on the table until it was shattered apart.
"External Emission of Dou Qi." Seeing the smashed flower vase Xiao Yan laughed softly. Upon reaching the Da...
Chapter 333: Xiao clan Xiao Yan!
The strongest faction within the Jia Ma Empire the Misty Cloud Sect had been passed on without break from one generation to another resulting in this old sect standing at the peak of the Jia Ma Empire. If it hadn"t been for the sect rules which prohibited the seizure of the power from an emperor the Misty Cloud Sect would have probably completely controlled the entire Jia Ma Empire during the few times when there was a change in dynasty.
This was also the reason why the imperial family of each empire was extremely afraid of the huge being that was close by. When it came to this generation of the Jia Ma Empire Imperial family they finally possessed a strength that could cause the Misty Cloud Sect to pause due to having the guardian Jia Xing Tian and the protection of a mysterious unique beast. Therefore the battle experienced elite soldiers who the Imperial family sent to the foot of the Misty Cloud Sect could live in peace.
The Imperial family had stationed the soldiers there for many years. Its intention was something almost everyone was clearly aware of. They were guarding against the Misty Cloud Sect.
In the face of such an action by the Imperial family the Misty Cloud Sect did not respond too intensely. Other than some of the young disciples within the sect feeling bitter and going to the camp and creating trouble initially...
Chapter 334: Three Year Agreement
The dull and simple words slowly drifted across the huge square. They caused the calm atmosphere which had been present throughout the entire ground to be in slight unrest and disorder.
u"In the open ground countless Misty Cloud Sect disciples carried all sorts of different emotions in their gazes as they stared at the black-robed young man near the edge of the rock stairs. They were not unfamiliar with this young man who was called Xiao Yan. The relationship between Nalan Yanran and him had already become a topic in everyday conversation of many Misty Cloud Sect disciples. Of course each time his name was mentioned most people would refer to it mockingly with disdain. A child of a small clan wanted to marry Nalan Yanran whose status within the Misty Cloud Sect was as noble as a princess. In these peoples eyes it undoubtedly appeared that Xiao Yan had overestimated his ability. This was especially so after the Three Year Agreement was spread within the sect. This ridicule became even stronger. Naturally one of the reasons for ridicule did not exclude them being jealous."
As the junior sect leader of the Misty Cloud Sect which was beyond the reach of many countless of Misty Cloud Sect disciples viewed...
Chapter 335: Nalan Yanran Defeated?
Sensing the rise of strong Dou Qi on Xiao Yan"s body astonishment flashed across Nalan Yanran"s pupils. This young man who had endured supercilious looks and ridicule in the Xiao clan back then was now really totally different.
As Nalan Yanran held the pale green longsword in her hand a faint green-colored swirling wind rolled and drifted on her body. Sharp wind blades retracted and appeared within the swirling wind. Occasionally they would blast out leaving numerous scars which were neither shallow nor deep in the tough green rock. The blades gradually moved up pointing at Xiao Yan from far away. Under the reflection of the sunlight the edge of the blades emitted dense and stern glows.
As the Dou Qi on the both of them soared the atmosphere of the open ground instantly flew heavy. The surroundings had once again become quiet as all the gazes were thrown on the two people. Many of them wanted to know just how far the useless young person back then had actually reached after these three years of training?
In the square Xiao Yan slowly closed his eyes and immediately exhaled a long breath. His eyes were suddenly shot opened and a green-colored flame flashed passed his dark black eyes. The Dou Qi on his body had once again become much deeper at this moment.
Xiao Yan"s palm tightly held the ruler"s hilt and sensed the heavy feeling that was repeatedly transmitted to him. He raised his eyes and stared at the lady with a willow like figure opposite him. The two exchanged glances in midair. Both of their gazes were somewhat complicated.
"Once the Three Year Agreement is complete the grudges between...
Chapter 336: The True Strength of Both Parties
All the gazes on the open ground paused on the slowly descending Nalan Yanran. All of their expressions were different as they did so.
"This fellow seems to be quite good." On top of a huge tree Jia Xing Tian smiled as he stared at Xiao Yan. Immediately he shook his head and said "Unfortunately the attack this time round did not cause much damage to Nalan Yanran even though it appeared ferocious. The "Flying Floc" agility Dou Technique does indeed live up to its name."
"Ah." Fa Ma by the side nodded slightly. His gaze stared at the falling Nalan Yanran and softly laughed "The girl from the Nalan clan is not weak either. It looks like Yun Yun has really tried her best to groom that girl during these three years."
Hai Bodong frowned slightly. He stared at Nalan Yanran and his eyebrows abruptly twitched a moment later. "The energy within her body is swiftly increasing. Additionally it faintly has the sign of having broken the limit of a Dou Shi. Tsk tsk. What a profound method of hiding her strength. Even I did not discover it. The secret technique of the Misty Cloud Sect is indeed extraordinary."
Jia Xing Tian and Fa Ma smiled. Regardless of how one put it the training that Nalan Yanran received as the next Misty Cloud Sect"s sect leader was naturally...
Chapter 337: An Intense Fight!
"This is going to be fun now." Sensing the open ground which had suddenly become quiet Jia Xing Tian stared at the Dou Qi armor on Xiao Yan"s body which was faintly emitting a green-colored glow. His face had some shock and amazement. This armor was only in its infancy shape but regardless of how one put it being able to summon it out meant that that person had already entered the Da Dou Shi class!
Reflecting on what he saw from this point it appeared that the gap between Xiao Yan"s and Nalan Yanran"s strength was not very big. The thing that caused Jia Xing Tian to be shocked was how this little fellow of the Xiao clan who did not have a strong backing behind him could actually swiftly catch up to Nalan Yanran in these three short years. One should know that behind Nalan Yanran was this huge being known as the Misty Cloud Sect which was grooming her and providing support.
"This young fellow is not someone simple." Jia Xing Tian and Fa Ma exchanged glances with each other. Both of them could see this emotion within the other"s eyes.
"Ah."
On another side Nalan Jie"s face which had only just relaxed for only a short while then once again tensed up. His eyes stared intently at the Dou Qi armor on Xiao Yan"s body. A long while later he finally let out a long breath. He slowly closed his eyes and the expression on his face held some bitterness.
This time around Nalan Jie truly felt a regret. He regretted not having stopped Nalan Yanran back then. If Nalan Yanran did not create the whole issue of cancelling...
Chapter 338: Wind"s Peak: Dazzling Sunset
On the huge green rock square powerful Dou Qi and sharp wind blades repeatedly shot out leaving behind numerous clear and visible deep scars on the surrounding hard surfaces.
Everyone held their breath at this moment. Their gazes followed the two human figures which appeared and disappeared as they moved in flashes. The increasingly intense and heated battle caused many people to have their hearts jump to their throat while they watched the explosive battle of both parties. Their original impression of Xiao Yan was someone who should have been defeated upon first contact but he had unexpectedly not shown any signs of being at a disadvantage in the fight. Instead with those extremely ferocious close-ranged attacks of his he actually faintly looked like he was suppressing Nalan Yanran in terms of attacks. This really stunned the Misty Cloud Sect"s disciples who had originally thought that victory was easily within their grasp.
Of course this was not only so for the ordinary Misty Cloud Sect"s disciple. After Xiao Yan had quietly used the "Heavenly Flame" to completely block all of the Xuan class Dou Techniques which Nalan Yanran had repeatedly displayed the Misty Cloud Sect"s elders on the stone platform finally became to display uneasy expressions. The few Dou Techniques which Nalan Yanran had displayed basically belonged to the advanced and difficult to learn type. Moreover their power was also quite great.
With Nalan Yanran"s strength even if her opponent was a strong person two or three stars above her it would not be possible for him to easily block these few Dou Technique which she displayed. However the reality...
Chapter 339: Exposed
"This is?"
Nalan Yanran was startled as she watched Xiao Yan below from her position high in the sky. The familiar action of spitting Purple Flames which he had displayed earlier as well as the green-colored flame in his hand caused the young man called Yan Xiao who had left an extremely deep impression in her mind to slowly surface.
The somewhat skinny figure of the two of them gradually began to come into contact within her mind. Immediately they merged perfectly.
Other than that face the expression or presence of the current Xiao Yan did not differ with the young man who had beat the young alchemist from the Chu Yun Empire with his own strength at the Imperial family square back then.
"Yan Xiao Xiao Yan. Yan Xiao Xiao Yan." A soft mutter was emitted from her mouth. At this moment Nalan Yanran had appeared to come to a sudden realization. She abruptly understood some things. The mysterious young person who had used the Alchemist Grand Meeting to become the leader of the younger generation of the Jia Ma Empire and the very person who had even caused Nalan Yanran to involuntarily feel an admiration for despite her haughty character; was actually this young man whom she had viewed as trash three years ago!
The back of Nalan Yanran"s teeth bit on her bottom red lip. The expression on that pretty face of hers repeatedly...
Chapter 340: Small Scale Angry Buddha Lotus Flame!
A cool wind cut through the sky causing the startled and absentminded Nalan Yanran to recover. After she did so she waved her hand and as a conditional reflex she appeared to be trying to grab the light sword which had been shot explosively downward. However with her current strength it was already a great strain to display the "Wind"s Peak". It was impossible for her to direct it like her limbs. Therefore she could only watch with her eyes as the longword which carried an impressive force from all directions as it violently smashed like a hot sun toward Xiao Yan standing in the open ground!
Her heart was currently a total mess. She understood that in her heart she held a favorable impression and perhaps a little spirit of competition of never wanting to admit toward the young man called Yan Xiao. A man who possessed strength that subdued others without having a beautiful face.
It was due to having these complicated emotions that Nalan Yanran abandoned the indifference she usually had when speaking to others in her conversations with Yan Xiao. Her warm and soft tone was something she had used for the first time in many years on a male who was not her elder or...
Chapter 341: End!
The thundering sound suddenly exploded in the sky above the huge open grounds. Like the anger of a thunder god it caused people"s minds and spirits to involuntarily tremble in fear.
After the loud sound the two incomparably ferocious energies burst out like an erupting volcano after they collided in midair wildly emitting the terrifying energy that was contained in each of them. Immediately a wild wind appeared in the sky above the open ground. It whistled past. When it arrived at the spot where the two energies had come into contact even the air had become somewhat vague and distorted after being struck by the powerful energy in the sky.
The wild wind blew past and the assaulting energy ripple that spread out in the sky was like the flame of the heavens descending engulfing the square and the area Nalan Yanran was in.
"Glug."
"Glug."
The energy ripple came into contact with some of the defensive covers that the Misty Cloud Sect disciples had set up. However they clearly had underestimated the terrifying force that had been emitted when the two energies collided. Immediately some of the fragile parts of the cover were instantly destroyed smashed to pieces by the energy wave. Some of the weaker Misty Cloud Sect disciples" faces became pale and began wildly throwing up blood.
"Increase the thickness of the cover!"...
Chapter 342: Renewed Storm
"Glug!"
A turbulent force moved along Xiao Yan"s hand and burst forth. A muffled groan which contained pain was emitted from Nalan Yanran"s throat. Immediately a mouthful of fresh blood moved along the corner of her mouth and rolled down. The bright color silhouetted against her red sleek mouth appeared enchanting.
Nalan Yanran"s eyes faintly contained some complicated emotions as she stared at the young man"s face which had remained cold. She slowly closed her eyes as her arms hung downward. Her body was like that of a terribly defeated scene as it followed the wind and weakly fell down toward the ground.
In the next moment the entire place was silent!
All of the gazes were paused on the silhouette which was falling from midair. The faces of those Misty Cloud Sect"s disciple were filled with disbelief.
Nalan Yanran was the most outstanding person among the younger generation of the Misty Cloud Sect. At the age of thirteen she agglomerated and formed a vortex successfully advancing to a Dou Zhe. At sixteen she climbed to a Dou Shi. At twenty she had become a Da Dou Shi!
A twenty year old Da Dou Shi. Although one would not dare to say that this kind of training speed was the most outstanding one in the many years that the Misty Cloud Sect has existed it was more than sufficient for her to be ranked among the top ten. However this person who was so outstanding that many ordinary people respected her from deep within their hearts had actually lost to the one who was known as the trash of the Xiao clan. This had undoubtedly caused those Misty Cloud...
Chapter 343: A Trouble Which One Cannot Escape From
Hearing the voice which slowly rang out over the open ground Xiao Yan"s footstep which were about to descend the stairs paused abruptly. With his back facing the square he lifted his head and inhaled a long breath. The fist within his sleeve was tightly clenched.
On the huge tree Hai Bodong eyebrows shifted as he frowned intently. His gaze swept toward the middle of the square. At that moment the expression of Yun Leng and the others appeared a little strange.
"Dammit has he been recognized by someone?" Hai Bodong softly muttered. The powerful Dou Qi within his body quietly began to circulate.
As Yun Leng"s voice fell numerous gazes in the open ground were once again thrown toward the skinny back of the person who was about to descend the stairs. Nalan Yanran wiped the traces of blood off the corner of her mouth. She lifted her head and watched Xiao Yan"s back with a pair of complicated eyes. Immediately she turned around and spoke to Yun Leng and the others "First Elder in today"s fight Yanran was indeed weaker than him."
"Yanran this has nothing to do with your fight. You should stand aside for now." Yun Leng waved his hand his expression appeared unexpectedly...
Chapter 344: Imminent
At this moment everyone seemed to have sensed something. The atmosphere of the open ground was once again deathly quiet. Numerous shocked gazes stared at Xiao Yan who stood on the edge of the open ground.
"This fellow don"t tell me is he really that mysterious person who killed Mo Cheng back then?" Jia Xing Tian muttered. His normally smiling face had finally become serious at this moment.
"That is something that no one knows. However Xiao Yan really did use a type of white-colored flame during the Alchemist Grand Meeting. Although the flame merely appeared for a moment before disappearing I dare to guarantee that it should also be a type of "Heavenly Flame"!" Fa Ma"s soft voice contained an aghast that was difficult to hide. Two kinds of "Heavenly Flame" existing together within a single body? Heavens was this not a little too crazy?
"Ah we still ended up leaving some loose ends." Hai Bodong sighed helplessly in his heart as he turned his gaze toward Xiao Yan on the square. Currently whether he was to fight with the Misty Cloud Sect or do something else would entirely depend on Xiao Yan"s performance.
The deathly quiet atmosphere covered the entire open ground. Xiao Yan was quiet for a long time before he suddenly took a step forward. As he took this step it immediately caused the Misty Cloud...
Chapter 345: Three Strong Dou Wangs
The majestic presence that was spread over the entire square directly caused Xiao Yan"s figure to quickly fall more than ten meters before he managed to remove the suffocating breath within his chest. He raised his head and eyed the three white robed old men in a serious manner. His heart felt that things were getting a little tricky. Three Dou Wangs had personally attacked him. They appeared to think overly highly of him who had a tiny name.
All of the Misty Cloud Sect disciples in the square lifted their heads and eyed the aerial battle taking place above them. They similarly felt that the sect was making too big of a fuss over a small issue by sending three Dou Wangs to capture Xiao Yan. It should be known that the strength of the three Elders in the sky combined would be enough to not have much difficulty stopping someone of the Dou Huang level.
Of course they were not the only ones who had such thoughts. Even Mu Cheng and the others on the huge trees felt it was incredible.
Due to the special position of the Misty Cloud Sect the strong people within the sect seldom participated in the so-called ranking for the strong within the Jia Ma Empire. Otherwise wouldn"t these old fellows take up more than half of the spots available? This kind of action would undoubtedly cause some of the strong people to feel dissatisfied within their hearts...
Chapter 346: Big Battle
The sudden change that appeared in the sky caused everyone in the open ground to be startled. Their gazes watched that old human figure which had slowly appeared. The expressions of some of the people who knew him immediately changed.
"Old Hai? He... why did he take action?" Jia Xing Tian"s face was completely dumbfounded as he spoke.
Fa Ma"s expression was similarly a little stunned. He did not expect that Hai Bodong would actually take the risk of causing conflict with the Misty Cloud Sect and step forward to help.
The two people faced each other both of them sensing something strange. Given Hai Bodong"s character he did not appear to be someone who would help another in doing something so reckless.
"Looks like Xiao Yan has a great allure toward Old Hai. It even reached the point where Old Hai is willing to take action to stop the Misty Cloud Sect. This fellow is really making me increasingly curious as to what type of person he may be." Jia Xing Tian shook his head. His voice contained some shock that was difficult to hide. He was extremely familiar with Hai Bodong"s character. If there was no reward that could move him then this ice-like fellow would definitely not do something as brash as this. Just what magic did that little fellow who was not even twenty years old rely on in order to move a Dou Huang?
Fa Ma nodded slightly. His gaze swept to the sky as he softly...
Chapter 347: The Appearance of The Seven-Colored Heaven Swallowing Python
Just as Yun Leng was about to capture Xiao Yan in the distant sky the latter"s sleeve abruptly trembled. Immediately a thick and large shadow shot forth. It instantly swung violently on Yun Leng"s hand with a terrifying strength that actually shook the air until waves of sharp explosive sounds were emitted from the vibrations.
At the moment when the seven-colored figure appeared Yun Leng also sensed something. His face immediately changed wildly but before he could hurriedly pull himself back that seven-colored figure had already swung heavily at his hand. A flush instantly surged onto Yu Leng"s face and numerous soft muffled groans were spat from his throat. His body was like a rubber ball that had been sent flying as it was swiftly forced back.
The sudden change in situation in the sky directly caused Hai Bodong and those three Misty Cloud Sect"s elders presently fighting in the square to involuntarily cease their attacks. Their gazes were stunned as they watched the direction which Xiao Yan was in. It was a little better for Hai Bodong but those who were unfamiliar with Xiao Yan were so shocked that their jaws nearly fell. In the Misty Cloud Sect other than Yun...
Chapter 348: The Tragedy of Yun Leng
Two glowing figures instantly flashed across the horizon in the sky. Immediately they met in a violent collision in front of a countless number of gazes.
At the moment of collision furious explosive thunderous roars resounded across the sky causing some people below to be unable to resist covering their ears. Their faces were filled with shock as they watched the spot where the two forces met.
Perhaps it was because his Qi Technique was the type which was suitable for head on fighting but Yun Leng had adopted the most ferocious and strongest close-ranged wild attacks the moment that he came into contact with the "Seven-Colored Heaven Swallowing Serpent". As he moved his attacks carried a sharp rushing wind sound as they borrowed the agility of his body to violently strike the eyes nose and other weak spots of the "Seven-Colored Heaven Swallowing Python".
Although Yun Leng was extremely agile the "Seven-Colored Heaven Swallowing Python" was not slow either. Not only did its huge body not reduce its speed it also gave it an extreme increase in strength. As its huge tail was agilely swung the terrifying force emitted a vast momentum which appeared almost as though it wanted to break the space. A sound like an explosion blasted the surrounding air until it created numerous vacuum spots.
The two figures in the sky may have had completely different sizes but they were both able to emit terrifying force and strength that was on par with each other.
Yun Leng"s expression was grave as he tightly held the rock sword in his hand. The pair of wings on his back repeatedly flapped and his body did not pause at any one spot for more than three seconds. Each time his body moved the rock sword in his hand would carry a ferocious force that would draw out numerous afterimages that would cause people to be dazzled as it heavily hacked at the body of the "Heaven Swallowing Python". Unfortunately after their earlier contact Yun Leng had already discovered that this seven-colored Magical Beast of unknown origin had a strength...
Chapter 349: Covering Sun Cloud Formation
A fiery red light that was like the setting sun suddenly appeared in the sky. In an instant the fiery red glow had banished the sunlight from the square. The hot wave of fire caused everyone to feel like they were in a furnace.
Under the countless number of gazes the fiery red light smashed into Yun Leng"s head with a bang when he was unable to react in time. A muffled thunder-like noise sounded throughout the sky.
"Bang!"
The fiery red light ferociously smashed into Yun Leng"s head and an incomparably ferocious force instantly exploded. An intense pain began to spread out from Yun Leng"s head at this moment as though his head was about to be ripped apart.
"Ah!"
High in the sky Yun Leng"s hands grasped his head where blood was flowing unceasingly. His mouth emitted a mournful wail. His body had also become like a bird which had lost its wings as he directly fell toward the ground.
His body fell swiftly. Just as he was around ten plus meters from the ground Yun Leng flapped his wings and forcefully steadied his body. A gray white-colored powerful glow surged out of his body. In an instant the strong glow carried a furious emotion and instantly suppressed that fiery red line by using a force that possessed pressure...
Chapter 350: The Appearance of a Mysterious Dou Huang
Under a countless number of anxious gazes the fallout of the energy began to slowly scatter revealing the "Seven-Colored Heaven Swallowing Python" that had been struck.
The current "Heaven Swallowing Python" had quite a miserable appearance. Over half of its originally beautiful smooth seven-colored snake scales had burst apart under the terrifying attack earlier. Bright red fresh blood seeped out from the cracked snake scales and emitted a dripping sound as they began to fall like a light drizzle.
Its huge body moved slightly releasing the unhurt Xiao Yan within it.
Xiao Yan lifted his head and eyed the glow in the snake"s eyes which had become much weaker. The fresh blood that dripped onto his face appeared somewhat warm.
"Hiss!"
u"The "Heaven Swallowing Python" flicked its tongue toward Xiao Yan. Its snake eyes held an extremely human-like concern. Currently the "Heaven Swallowing Python" had already been promoted to a rank 5 Magical Beast and already possessed an intellect that was not inferior to that of humans. If it was not being suppressed by the spiritual strength of Queen Medusa it was likely that it would already be able to speak the human language."
Ever since the "Heaven Swallowing Python"...
Chapter 351: Dou Huang Ling Ying
With the appearance of the black-robed person the entire square descended into a complete silence. Although some of the ordinary Misty Cloud Sect disciples were unclear of the strength of this mysterious black-robed person they could tell from those elders whose faces had suddenly turned extremely grave that this mysterious black-robed person should be strong to the point of being a little terrifying. Otherwise he would not cause them to be so shocked.
"Who are you?"
Yun Leng"s eyes stared intently at the black-robed person in the sky. The other party"s body which was overflowing with threads of strong Qi caused the tip of Yun Leng"s finger to involuntarily tremble a little as he demanded with a brave front.
"You may call me Ling Ying." The black-robed person slowly lowered his head and revealed a dark old face while he smiled and replied.
"You are not a citizen of the Jia Ma Empire!" Yun Leng"s gaze carefully inspected the body of the black-robed person who called himself Ling Ying. Immediately he appeared to have discovered something and let out a cry in surprise.
"I am naturally not someone from the Jia Ma Empire. However who set the rule that no one other than a citizen of the Jia Ma Empire can enter this country?" The black-robed person who called himself...
Chapter 352: The Misty Cloud Sect"s Trump Card
The black shadows covered the sun in the vast and mighty sky. Even the sunlight which was pouring down actually had difficulty penetrating through it. Currently the open ground had already descended into complete darkness. Everyone could only use their Dou Qi to cover their bodies in order to use the weak glow to observe the fight in the air.
The moment the darkness covered the sky the huge cloud arrow which was shooting through the air also came to a sudden stop. The terrifying force contained within the tip of the arrow also caused circular wave-like ripples to appear in the surrounding air. The sharp sound of explosions could be heard repeatedly.
"Ten Thousand Binding Shadows!"
Ling Ying"s body appeared to have completely merged with the black-colored darkness that had permeated the entire sky. The seal formed by his hands was abruptly formed and the black curtain that permeated the sky suddenly moved. Black-colored darkness spat out from it in all directions. They intertwined with one another and pounced on the cloud arrow which had been shot explosively over.
With one white and one black the two completely different colored lights carrying similarly terrifying energies cut through the vast sky. Under the watch of a countless number of gazes below they collided. All of a sudden a furious blast like that of thunder appeared...
Chapter 353: The Previous Sect Leader of the Misty Cloud Sect Dou Zong Yun Shan
The majestic force that was like a huge dragon being awoken instantly covered the entire Misty Cloud Mountain. An enormous pressure that Xiao Yan had never felt before spread out from deep within the Misty Cloud Mountain. Finally it permeated the entire square. At that moment all the Misty Cloud Sect disciples could not resist the reverence they felt in their hearts and knelt down toward the spot where the force was spreading from. Although Yun Leng and some of the other Misty Cloud Sect"s Elders did not kneel down in respect they still respectfully bowed.
"This presence." Nalan Yanran"s pretty eyes stared in the direction of the deep regions of the Misty Cloud Sect. A shock also surfaced on her pretty face. She did not expect that today"s matter would actually disturb this grand teacher who has been in seclusion for so long.
"This is bad. That old fellow really has not died!" The moment the Qi was released Hai Bodong"s expression suddenly changed. His soft voice contained a shock that could not be hidden.
"Is it the former Misty Cloud Sect Leader Yun Shan?" Xiao Yan expression had also become much gloomier at this moment. He recalled what Hai Bodong said earlier and asked with furrowed brows.
"Yes." Hai Bodong nodded his head. In a soft voice he said "Seeing this presence he has really broken the barrier of a Dou Huang and advanced to the Dou Zong class."
"A strong Dou Zong huh." Xiao Yan"s hands gently trembled a little. The strongest person that he had seen in his lifetime was Queen Medusa and Jia Xing Tian. Although a Dou Huang and a Dou Zong were merely a one class difference the gap between them was like that of the heavens and earth. Earlier Hai Bodong was able to use his strength to swiftly attack the three Dou Wangs. As for a strong person of the Dou Zong class it would similarly not be too difficult to take on three Dou Huangs.
"Dammit it. It is always this troublesome." Xiao Yan pursed his lips. His heart had become a little impatient because of these events that were occurring one after another. Each time he thought that he could leave there would always be something unexpected that happened.
"Old Hai since Yun Shan has really appeared then I am afraid that you are going to step aside no?" Xiao Yan suddenly remembered Hai Bodong"s words and softly sighed.
Hearing this Hai Bodong was at a loss. His expression was volatile. A long while later he suddenly clenched his teeth and said "Although a person like me does not like to get involved in things that have nothing to do with me; I must see something that I have already begun doing until the end. Even if Yun Shan really wants to stop us today I will try my best to bring you away from Misty Cloud Mountain!"
Xiao Yan was startled as he turned to look at Hai Bodong who was clenching his teeth. A warmth immediately appeared in his heart. Part...
Chapter 354: Descending the Mountain
Following the appearance of the bewitching person the square descended into a temporary silence.
The silence persisted for a long while before it was finally broken by a terrified involuntary cry "Queen Medusa?"
Only two words had been said but it suddenly caused everyone in the square to give a cold shiver. This name was something that almost all the citizens of the Jia Ma Empire had heard of. That icily alluring beautiful yet vicious woman had personally killed an unknown number of renowned strong people during the war with the Jia Ma Empire. In this empire there were very few people who had the ability to contend with this bewitching woman.
This woman used her vicious means that did not lose to those iron blooded emperors to frighten the few empires around the Tager Desert causing them to be afraid of rashly starting a war.
Many people used the word "frightening" to describe her.
In the sky the expression of Hai Bodong which was originally grave had completely turned to one of fear at this moment. He might be able to remain calm in front of Yun Shan but in front of Queen Medusa he was ultimately unable to hide the terror he felt for her within his heart. The fight in the Tager Desert back then had left a lingering fear in his heart that was still currently present.
Additionally that seal which had caused him to suffer the fate of living in isolation for decades further resulted in Hai Bodong fearing Queen Medusa like he feared vipers and scorpions.
Besides feeling frightened he suddenly shivered again. Seeing that intense blow earlier it was clear that...
Chapter 355: Separation and Transaction
On a small path which was lush with greenery two human figures a man and a woman with one in front of the other slowly walked. The quiet atmosphere shrouded the both of them.
In the sky above the two people"s heads two figures were also following far behind.
At a certain moment the woman who was ahead of the others stopped walking. Her delicate hand gently twirled the black hair in front of her forehead. With a cool voice she spat some words from her alluring red lips "The two of you above. Aren"t you tired of flying?"
Although her voice was not very loud the two human figures in the sky stopped simultaneously a moment later. They exchanged glances and could only slowly land in a huge tree behind Xiao Yan.
"Old Hai what is your intention now? Until now I have yet to gather all of the medicinal ingredients needed for the "Spiritual Recovery Purple Pill" of yours." Xiao Yan carefully took a step back. His head turned toward Hai Bodong as he spoke.
Hai Bodong was startled upon hearing this. He frowned slightly as his gaze which contained some fear swept over Queen Medusa who was leaning on a tree trunk casually playing with a fallen leaf. He mused for a while and smiled bitterly "Little fellow since you have successfully left the Misty Cloud Sect it is likely that you don"t need me to continue protecting you...
Chapter 356: The Journey Back Home
As Xiao Yan eyed Queen Medusa who had withdrawn her killing intent in only an instant he could only laugh bitterly. This woman indeed did not simply rely on her reputation to cause so many strong people within the Jia Ma Empire to greatly fear her.
"Where do you plan to go next?" Queen Medusa returned the "Thawing Spirit Pill Formula" to Xiao Yan and randomly asked.
Xiao Yan carefully received the medicinal formula. He mused for a moment before saying: "I think I will make a trip back to Wu Tan City first. After which I might have to leave the Jia Ma Empire for a period of time."
"Leaving the Jia Ma Empire huh." Queen Medusa frowned slightly upon hearing this before immediately nodding slightly. She lazily said "Up to you. In any case those few leaders within the Snake-People race can temporarily take over in my absence. Until you refine the "Thawing Spirit Pill" I will continue to follow you."
Xiao Yan sighed in relief upon seeing that she did not oppose his plan. His hand gently patted the huge black ruler on his back and smiled as he said "Since it is like this let us go."
"The matter with the Misty Cloud Sect is already over. The current you should not be in a hurry for some time no? When we pass by some huge cities during this trip back to Wu Tan City help me look for the medicinal ingredients needed to refine the "Thawing Spirit Pill"." Queen Medusa said faintly. Her words indicated that she was discussing the manner yet her tone did not allow Xiao Yan to object to the suggestion.
With regards to this Xiao Yan could only helplessly nod his head. His eyes glanced at that enchanting bewitching face of Queen Medusa before shrugging his shoulders...
Chapter 357: The Turn of Events in the Xiao Clan
The two of them landed at a spot not far from Wu Tan City. Xiao Yan ignored Queen Medusa by his side after landing. His expression was somewhat dark as he swiftly walked toward the city"s gate which was wide open.
Once he walked closer to the city"s gate Xiao Yan lifted his head to glance at the enormous three words "Wu Tan City" above the city"s gate. His footsteps halted involuntarily. As he eyed the crowded and noisy human voices which were transmitted faintly through the tunnel of the city gate he sighed gently and muttered to himself "Wu Tan City. I Xiao Yan have finally returned home."
Xiao Yan lifted his feet and walked to the city"s gate and passed through the somewhat dark tunnel into the city. After which the space in front of his eyes suddenly brightened under the sunlight. He lifted his head slightly and a dear and familiar intersection on the street appeared in his sight.
"It has been two years but almost nothing has changed." Xiao Yan laughed softly. The faint warm feeling of returning home caused the dark and solemn look on his face to weaken a little. He turned his head and glanced at Queen Medusa who was walking at a steady pace that was neither fast nor slow behind him. After which he turned his head back lifted his leg and swiftly walked down the street which he had walked for over a decade.
As Xiao Yan was worried about the event that had happened to the clan in his heart Xiao Yan did not stop along the way. He hurriedly and swiftly walked on the street from his memory. Along the way when he passed by a few markets which had belonged to the Xiao clan he halted his footsteps slightly. He frowned as he saw that the markets had few people. After which his footsteps gradually became quicker.
Over ten minutes later Xiao Yan who had passed through a few streets with great familiarity...
Chapter 358: Leave No One
Following the sunlit path that was extended from the gap of the door the skinny figure of a young man slowly walked in. He passed by those large men whose hands were carrying weapons as though they weren"t present. Finally he slowly passed by the side of Jia Bi Lie and Aoba Padun whose faces were filled with dullness.
The atmosphere was so quiet that even the crows and sparrows dared not to create noise. Only the sound of slightly hurried breathing could be heard.
Under everyone"s gaze the young man slowly came to the front of everyone of the Xiao clan. He lowered his head eyed the old man who was so excited that he was in tears and bowed slightly.
"Xiao... Xiao Yan." Under the support from the clan members behind him the first elder excitedly looked at the young and handsome face in front of him which had a little less immaturity and more rigid lines compared to two years ago. His voice trembled involuntarily as he said "Is it really you?"
Xiao Yan lifted his head and eyed the old face which he had always wanted to stomp violently on in the past. He smiled and nodded feeling a lament within his heart. After two years of training he had indeed become much more mature. The grudges that he had held back then had also paled with the flow of time. No matter how one wanted to put it this clan of his had a blood relationship that was difficult to erase.
"First elder it really is young master Xiao Yan!"
"Young master Xiao Yan is back! Our Xiao clan is saved!" The faces of the members of the Xiao clan who were supporting the first elder revealed a wild joy. They were so excited that their...
Chapter 359: He Must Die!
The atmosphere was so quiet in the spacious hall that not even the parrots or sparrows made a noise. All the members of the Xiao clan clenched their fists tightly as they heard the numerous blood-curdling screams coming from outside the door. There was great satisfaction on their faces. The recent turn of events of the Xiao clan had caused their hearts to be filled with grievances. Now that Xiao Yan had returned he had finally pulled the entire clan which was about to reach its end up. The grievances which they had experienced during the last few days were currently disappearing with each horrible scream from beyond the door.
The horrible screams outside continued for less than a minute before they gradually fell silent. As the blood-curdling screams came to an end the gazes within the large hall began to once again gather on the back of Xiao Yan who was quietly seated on a chair with his back facing them. At this moment there was some additional fanaticism and respect within those gazes.
"Junior Clan Leader." The first elder took one excited step forward and broke the silence of the large hall.
"First elder just call me Xiao Yan. I really don"t have the right to be called the "Junior Clan Leader"." Xiao Yan slowly stood up from his seat turned around smiled and replied in a...
Chapter 360: Settling the Xiao Clan
The wild killing intent seeped out of Xiao Yan"s body within the large hall. Everyone was so nervous and frightened that they stopped what they were doing. They eyed that savage face and did not dare to emit the slightest sound.
"Junior Clan Leader those three mysterious people were from the Misty Cloud Sect?" The expression of the first elder was slightly ugly as he softly asked.
Xiao Yan inhaled a breath of air and forcefully suppressed the killing intent that was rising from within his heart. He nodded slightly and said in a dark and cold voice "Since she has said that your bodies have the remanent energy of Yun Leng within them then it naturally cannot be false. Moreover my clan had encountered this kind of surprise attack not long after I left the Misty Cloud Sect. How can the Misty Cloud Sect be unrelated to this matter?"
"What does Junior Clan Leader plan to do?" The first elder bitterly laughed. In front of such a strong faction like the Misty Cloud Sect the first elder was a little at a loss on what to do.
"I have already said that he must die this time around!" Xiao Yan said in a thick voice.
"Ah." The first elder let out a sigh. He eyed Xiao Yan whose face was filled with killing intent before musing for a while. He then said "Junior Clan Leader although I do not know the status of that mysterious person in the Misty Cloud Sect I don"t think that it should be low from the looks of his strength no?"
"Other than the Sect Leader and a few others his position should be the highest in the Misty Cloud Sect."
"As expected. Ah." The first elder shook his head as he mused out loud "Earlier the reason that the Junior Clan Leader had gotten into a big fight with the Misty Cloud Sect was because of the Three Years Agreement. Moreover you did not cause much harm to the upper echelons in the Misty Cloud Sect during that time. Therefore the Misty Cloud Sect does not really hate you. If you were to kill this mysterious strong person this time around the relationship between both parties would become completely unresolvable."
"Then first elder do you mean to have me to ignore my father"s life or death?" Xiao Yan frowned slightly. His voice was a little dark...
Chapter 361: Going Up To The Misty Cloud Sect Once Again
The blue sky was cloudless for tens of thousands of kilometers. Two small black spots stopped in the distant sky overlooking Wu Tan City which had been erected at the base of a mountain. From such a height the Magical Beast Mountain Range beside Wu Tan City could also be seen within their eyesight. At a glance the endless mountains appeared extremely majestic.
The Purple Cloud Wings on Xiao Yan"s back gently flapped. He lowered his head and looked over Wu Tan City below. A long while later he sighed gently. After leaving this time around it was likely that he would never return again in the future.
"Goodbye." Xiao Yan softly muttered. He turned his head and eyed something not far beside him. At that spot Queen Medusa seemed to be stepping on solid ground. Her body did not even have the slightest rising and falling movement of those who used wings.
"My motive of returning to the Misty Cloud Sect this time around is very straightforward. Kill Yun Leng and search for my father. Therefore there is no room for reconciliation between either party this time around." Xiao Yan said faintly.
"I have already said that I will rescue you in any life and death situation that occurs. At other times..." Queen Medusa glanced at him. Her brows furrowed abruptly and a seven-colored glow flickered across her bewitching eyes. A moment later she helplessly said to herself in a soft voice "Be quiet. He is not your kin why are you so concerned about him?"
The seven-colored glow flashed once again in her bewitching eyes. A long while later Queen Medusa grit...
Chapter 362: Yao Yan Yun Zhi
The ice-cold cry like angry thunder engulfed the entire mountain.
All the disciples in the Misty Cloud Sect lifted their heads and turned their gazes toward the blue sky. At that spot two human figures were suspended in the air. Thick killing intent was overflowing from within the body of the black-robed young man who was in charge.
"Xiao Yan? Why has he returned?" When some of the sharp eyed people saw the cold face of the black-robed young man numerous shocked noises immediately and repeatedly sounded from within the Misty Cloud Sect. This young man who had turned the Misty Cloud Sect upside down days before had caused every single Misty Cloud Sect"s disciple to firmly remember this name.
Xiao Yan"s dark and cold gaze slowly swept all over of the Misty Cloud Sect below. Finally it paused on a large hall. At that spot a white glow which contained a fury suddenly shot out explosively. Finally it suspended in the sky and a furious roar resounded throughout the sky "Xiao Yan you are actually this rude. Are you seeking death?"
Xiao Yan"s eyes stared intently at the green-faced Yun Leng who was suspended in midair. His right hand abruptly drew the Heavy Xuan Ruler from his back and suddenly pointed at the latter. In a thick voice he said "Old bastard. Even if Yun Shan wants to protect you today I will still take your life!"
"Ah what an arrogant tone! Coincidentally I am looking...
Chapter 363: Killing Yun Leng
Everyone within the Misty Cloud Sect lifted their heads to watch the green and white flames above Xiao Yan"s hands which were slowly coming closer together. At this moment even the disciples whose strength were weak began to feel a little uneasy. A commotion began to spread throughout the disciples of the Misty Cloud Sect.
"Xiao Yan what are you planning to do?" As a Dou Zong Yun Shan was first to sense the uneasiness that rose in his heart. His eyes immediately widened as he cried out sternly.
Xiao Yan ignored his remark. His eyes which were filled with a thick killing intent stared at the two different colored flames intently. As the two different flames began to merge the space between his two palms began to become tremendously distorted. Numerous muffled thunder-like explosions were emitted from within them shocking the souls of those who were watching.
Behind Xiao Yan Queen Medusa was also watching the former"s action in shock. As she was suppressed by the "Heaven Swallowing Python"s" spirit in the past she was only aware of some of the circumstances surrounding Xiao Yan. This "Angry Buddha Lotus Flame" was coincidentally something which even she didn"t know existed.
Merging two different "Heavenly Flames"? Isn"t this fellow a little overly crazy." Queen Medusa frowned slightly. Back then just...
Chapter 364: Life and Death Situation!
The loud thunderous explosion resounded throughout the sky. At this moment the peak of the Misty Cloud Mountain had appeared to have turned into an erupting volcano in an instant. The hot green-white flame seedling turned into a wave of fire and began to expand in an arc-like shape. In an instant the Misty Cloud Mountain began to tremble intensely. Numerous large crack lines crawled along the mountain wall and had begun to spread like wildfire. Mountain rocks rolled down and trees were incinerated. The scene was similar to that of doomsday.
The turbulent flaming wave formed an enormous fire lotus shape at the peak of the Misty Cloud Mountain. One could even clearly see it within a fifty kilometer radius from the mountain.
Countless people within a radius of fifty kilometers raised their heads and watched the fire lotus bloom on the peak of the Misty Cloud Mountain with shocked expressions . Even though they were a great distance from the mountain the people could still feel that the air had suddenly become much hotter.
A perfectly shaped "Angry Buddha Lotus Flame" actually had such terrifying destructive power.
In the sky a few hundred meters from the peak of the Misty Cloud Mountain the figures of Hai Bodong and the others flashed and appeared. They eyed the huge fire lotus that stood horizontally between the sky and the ground and felt the hot wave that was being emitted. They could not resist feeling their throats become dry. This kind of force was really a little overly frightening.
"This thing was actually created by Xiao Yan?" Jia Xing Tian swallowed a mouthful of saliva. The shock on his face was difficult to hide. Although he...
Chapter 365: Gate of Life and Death
In the distant sky Yun Shan"s two afterimages waved their fists which contained a terrifying force that caused people to feel horrified and smashed violently toward Xiao Yan"s head in front of a countless number of gazes.
Just as everyone thought that it would be difficult for Xiao Yan to escape this calamity a ripple containing a majestic underlying force surged explosively outward in the sky with Xiao Yan as the epicenter. Wherever the force passed one could see that the two clone afterimages which even Hai Bodong had difficulty withstanding had abruptly froze. Immediately a muffled sound was emitted and they burst apart with a "bang" in front of the many dull gazes below.
Everyone"s faces were completely dull as they watched the two afterimages which were blasted into nothingness in the sky. Even Jia Xing Tian and the others who were not far away also felt like they could not recover their focus. As people of the Dou Huang level they were able to clearly sense the strength of the two afterimages. They were not a kind of illusionary shadows. Instead they were real energy bodies that Yun Shan had used some Secret Technique to summon forth. Putting it bluntly just these two afterimages might be on par with two strong Dou Huangs.
Of course this was only speaking...
Chapter 366: The Big Fight Between Dou Zongs!
Following the numerous strands of wild wind agglomerating around him the white glow on the tip of Yun Shan"s finger grew increasingly eye-piercing. In its completed form it was almost like a dazzling sun high up in the sky.
"Wind"s Peak: Killer Meteorite!"
At that instant the air surrounding Yun Shan instantly solidified. His finger suddenly pointed at Xiao Yan. With a stern cry the white glow emitted a bright flash and an extremely narrow ray of light explosively shot out.
The speed of the ray of light was so fast that it was somewhat frightening. Wherever it passed the air became disturbed and distorted. A dark black trace stained the blue sky appearing extremely eye-piercing.
This terrifying Dou Technique was something that Yun Yun had used before when she fought with the Amethyst Winged Lion in the past. This attack had directly cut off an Amethyst Winged Lion"s horn which was the hardest part of its body which also possessed the strength of a Dou Huang. From this it could be seen just how terrifying the piercing strength of this mysterious Dou Technique was. Moreover the Dou Technique was currently displayed by Yun Shan. Regardless of whether it was momentum or the extent of the strength of the force the Dou Technique this time had far surpassed the power that Yun Yun had displayed back then.
Once "Wind"s Peak" appeared the expressions of Jia Xing Tian and the others far away from the battleground changed at almost the same time. Immediately they hurriedly pulled back a very great distance as though they were fleeing. From the looks of it they already knew how frightening this Dou Technique was. They might even have personally gotten a taste of it before.
Only Xiao Yan and Queen Medusa in the sky could remain still with expressions that did not change.
"Xiao Yan" indifferently watched the white-colored ray of light that instantly broke through the air and shot toward him. He lifted his hand gently. The thick white-colored flame shrouding his finger suddenly rose and flared up. In the blink of an eye it completely wrapped his body within it. His right hand was extended and the huge Heavy Xuan Ruler once again appeared in his palm. It was gripped abruptly and tightly as an eye-piercing intense light erupted from the dark black body of the ruler.
The intensity of the bright light on the ruler"s body grew increasingly extreme. In the end it was almost like a bright sun that caused people to be afraid to look at it directly.
With a serious expression Xiao Yan let out a low cry. The heavy ruler in his hand abruptly hacked ferociously downward toward Yun Shan who was a short distance away.
"Flame Splitting Tsunami!"
The cry resounded throughout the sky. A crescent-shaped white-colored energy blade that was thirty feet in length shot explosively out of the tip of the Heavy Xuan Ruler.
The huge flaming white crescent blade energy...
Chapter 367: The Start of the Great Escape
Looking within the vast dense jungle one could only see a never ending verdant-green color. A gentle breeze would occasionally blow over. Immediately afterwards numerous huge green ripples would begin spreading through the verdant sea of trees from near and far finally disappearing at the edge of one"s sight. It gave a very spectacular appearance.
Above the sea of trees was the blue sky. A few human figures occasionally flew by in the sky above. Their sharp eagle-like gazes would scan the forest below in detail. However the size of this forest was far too large and the green waves which rolled one after another also covered most of the things under the dense forest. Therefore no matter how they searched inch by inch they still could not find their target.
A few human figures swept past this dense stretch of forest. After realizing it was futile their helpless gazes interacted with one another in mid air before they shook their heads. They then displayed a hand signal to one another and separated heading in different directions.
Under the dense and lush woodlands a towering tree pierced the sky. Around it however there were an unknown number of trees which were even...
Chapter 368: Recuperation
In the dense forest where tall trees stood there would occasionally be spots of light that trickled through the gaps of the lush canopy of branches and leaves that shielded the earth from the hot sunlight. The light shone in bits and pieces onto the ground forming a totally natural picture made of specks of light appearing beautiful.
It was completely quiet within the forest. Occasionally there would be a low roar emitted by an unknown Magical Beast in the distance. It would pass through the hindrances of the dense forest and would reverberate unceasingly throughout the forest.
"Suo."
The undergrowth of the quiet forest suddenly moved. Immediately a black figure shot out. His feet gently pressed against a tree branch which horizontally extended from the trunk. After which he pushed his body off the branch and landed on another tree branch a few meters above the ground. His sharp eagle-like eyes scanned everything below him in detail before he sighed in relief. He was also a little doubtful as he muttered softly "The mountain range behind the Misty Cloud Mountain is connected directly to the Magical Beast Mountain Range. Logically speaking the current me should have charged into the Magical Beast Mountain Range right? But why is it that until now I have yet to meet any Magical Beasts trying to stop me?"
"That is due to the "Heaven Swallowing...
Chapter 369: Advancement!
His body was within a furnace: this was the only thing that Xiao Yan currently felt.
After swallowing the medicinal pill a fiery feeling suddenly erupted from his lower abdomen. Immediately it turned into numerous streams of heat that forced their way into every vein of his body in a turbulent manner. The high temperature finally caused a faint heavy gas to appear within his Qi Paths.
The high temperature streams gradually became hotter with the increase in the circulation speed resulting in the corner of Xiao Yan"s mouth gently twitching involuntarily after each complete cycle. What Yao Lao said was true the small part of his flame that had been added to the pill really caused him to suffer.
While the hot flow may have caused Xiao Yan to feel some pain the effect was also very notable. As the threads of faint hot heavy gas seeped out of his Qi Paths and finally circled around the interior of his body Xiao Yan could clearly sense that large waves of concealed energy within some parts of his body were like a layer of ice that had been melted by the heat finally revealing itself. From the looks of it it seemed that this was the medicinal strength...
Chapter 370: Skyfire Three Mysterious Change!
After the two soft groans were consecutively released within the mountain cave Xiao Yan who could have continued to raise his strength by an additional star did not use this force to continue charging upward. Instead Xiao Yan slowly stabilized his Qi and began to completely digest the energy that had suddenly and abruptly soared. This was something that Yao Lao did not expect.
Yao Lao"s hand stroked his beard and observed the closed-eyed young man whose face was like warm jade. He mused for a moment and immediately came to a sudden realization before nodding in a gratified manner. He smiled again and said "Being able to maintain his original state of mind in the face of strength and knowing when to withdraw in contentment without being greedy or arrogant is not easy. Not bad. Not bad."
The two repeated "not bad" were sufficient to see Yao Lao"s admiration in regards to Xiao Yan"s current performance. Although Xiao Yan could actually borrow the medicinal strength and directly become a four star Da Dou Shi training was after all not something that could be accomplished overnight. After repeatedly raising his strength by two stars today Xiao Yan would already have some difficulty stabilizing his body"s condition. If he were to raise his strength once again it was...
Chapter 371: The Ingenuity of the Secret Technique
The large light screen was suspended in midair within the cave. Countless words were layered on it in an orderly manner. Beside the words there was an extremely complicated diagram of the human figure made of light. Within the diagram of light numerous complicated lines formed by light intertwined with one another forming a mysterious and strange route.
Xiao Yan"s eyes carried some curiosity as they carefully inspected the screen of light. He immediately turned his head and saw Yao Lao"s eyes which shone brightly. He heart involuntarily leaped as he softly asked "Teacher do you know what this is?"
"Yes." The glow in Yao Lao"s eyes slowly withdrew as he smiled and nodded. He smacked his lips and smiled as he said with a surprised sigh "This time around you have indeed picked up a treasure. This "Skyfire Three Mysterious Change" is a very mysterious high-class Secret Technique."
"Secret Technique?" Xiao Yan"s eyebrows immediately rose upon hearing these words.
"Ke ke other than Qi Methods and Dou Techniques there are still some special Secret Techniques which exist on the Dou Qi continent. Their effects are usually something that will cause others to be envious. Some of them can even greatly raise one"s strength. That night back at Wu Tan City your little female friend used an advanced Secret Technique to enable herself to raise her strength...
Chapter 372: Bloody Revenge!
Following the flow of time night slowly faded away. When the first morning sunlight from the distant sky poured over the land signs of life once again burst forth in the Magical Beast Mountain Range which had been quiet for the entire night. A countless number of huge birds were singing in unison their song remained in the forest and did not fade away for a long time.
A huge rock suddenly rolled aside and fell by the precipitous ravine. The loud sound that it emitted as it fell frightened the bird beasts lingering nearby until they hurriedly spread their wings and fled.
After the mountain rock fell a dark black cave entrance was revealed. A black-robed figure immediately walked out. He narrowed his slanted eyes as he swept them across the partially concealed blue sky hidden behind the thick mist. He gently exhaled and said softly "Teacher are there any traces of the Misty Cloud Sect disciples nearby?"
"Yes."
A voice was swiftly emitted from within Xiao Yan"s heart "A few hundred meters on the other side of this ravine there are quite a number of Qis of varying strength. There are also some scattered ones in other directions. Yun Shan has left an energy trace within your body. Although this trace is being suppressed by me they are still able to vaguely sense a little of it. Therefore they can use this to vaguely guess your position. However it is quite fortunate that the region they can narrow their search to is still very large. They need to search cautiously in order to be certain. Otherwise they would have found this location last night."
"Hei they really are persistent. Looks like the Misty Cloud Sect is really keen on killing me." Xiao Yan coldly laughed.
"Now you cannot be held back by them. Otherwise if the Elders of the Misty Cloud Sect were to hurry over you would be in trouble. Moreover I need at least half a month before my Spiritual Strength is fully recovered. Therefore you have to rely on yourself if you want to escape from the Misty Cloud Sect"s blockade that surrounds this area during this half a month period of time." Yao Lao reminded seri...
Chapter 373: Surrounded and Attacked in The Magical Beast Mountain Range
Within the vast dense forest the bright green trees covered nearly half of the sky. Occasionally however one could see flying Magical Beasts repeatedly whizzing past in the sky with a bone-chilling killing intent through the gaps of the tree leaves.
In the sky above the enormous sea of trees tens of flying Magical Beasts were spread out in a circular formation surrounding the large forest. At this moment these flying Magical Beasts were moving nearer from afar as they slowly searched toward the center of the forest.
Within a certain dense thicket a pair of eyes were quietly looking through the gaps between the leaves eyeing the numerous huge bodies in the sky. Each one carried a dark shadow as they flew past. He could not help but knit his eyebrows tightly together. Although he had already shaken off the unit that had been chasing him earlier his legs could not outrun a pair of wings. Therefore the flying units that came from all directions overtook him after an hour. However it was fortunate that the other party did not know his exact location and were unable to find him within a short period of time.
"Looks like those three old men who would not die are extremely furious....
Chapter 374: Sudden Arrival of Reinforcements
Within the dense forest Xiao Yan clenched his teeth and stared intently at Yun Yun in the sky. He knew that the moment the latter appeared he was likely to have his position completely revealed. It was just that he did not know if this woman who once had some entanglement with him would...
In the sky Yun Yun who had her eyes closed gradually opened them. She slowly lifted her delicate finger which was struggling and trembling a little and pointed toward the direction Xiao Yan was in. As her finger pointed at that spot a faint white glow suddenly surged out from within the darkness. Although the white light was not too intense it was undoubtedly a bright lamp leading the way in this complete darkness.
As he lowered his head to watch the faint white glow that was being emitted from within his body Xiao Yan"s heart was like an icehouse. He laughed softly and lifted his head. His cold gaze watched the person with peerless elegance in the sky before turning his body and running.
In the sky Yun Yun had also borrowed the weak white light to clearly see the glance which was so cold that it was void of emotion. She felt a pain that clamped at her heart as her pretty face grew even paler.
"Chase!"
Seeing the faint white light which had risen from the darkness joy surfaced on the faces of the three elders. They let out a fierce cry and wild winds surged in the sky. Tens of huge...
Chapter 375: Escape
Xiao Yan"s body was standing completely still on a tree branch. He coldly watched Yun Yun who was at the exit of the forest. His hand shook and the huge Heavy Xuan Ruler flashed and appeared. He waved the heavy ruler and the pressuring sound of air being cut appeared before it was pointed at the beauty.
Yun Yun slowly raised her head. Her pretty eyes stared at the black-robed young man on the tree branch. A complicated expression flashed over her face as she softly asked "Are you alright?"
"Thanks to you I was almost buried here." Xiao Yan smiled but the words spat out from his mouth were so icy and cold that it seemed to be devoid of any warmth.
"I am also forced to do this. As the Sect Leader of the Misty Cloud Sect I must shoulder some responsibilities." Yun Yun smiled bitterly seemingly trying to explain something.
Xiao Yan glanced at her indifferently and said "Do you want to capture me and bring me back? After that you want to let Yun Shan kill me in public?"
Yun Yun"s pretty face paled as she muttered "Teacher will not kill you."
"Ke ke perhaps he might not actually kill me but your Misty Cloud Sect has so many tricks. Just a random seal and then lock me up in the Misty Cloud Sect. That will cause people to be even more crazy than...
Chapter 376: Da Ling City
Da Ling City was located in the north-western region of the Jia Ma Empire. Its size may not be comparable large cities like the capital but when compared to Wu Tan City it was still quite a lot larger. Moreover it neighbored the Magical Beast Mountain Range which covered nearly half of the empire. Therefore countless risk takers and business groups came and went giving the city a never ending flow of human traffic.
At the northern city gate of Da Ling City the human flow moving to and from the city nearly clogged the city gate. Not far away from the northern gate was the seemingly endless Magical Beast Mountain Range. Small groups of mercenary troops with differing line-ups were repeatedly entering and exiting from this point much like ants moving their home. Occasionally there would be troops which used a horse cart to carry the corpse of a Magical Beast running out of the forest and a wisp of dust behind. This would attract numerous envious gazes from those around. It was not an easy matter to kill satisfactory prey within the Magical Beast Mountain Range.
"Bah we were really unlucky losing two brothers in order to kill a tier two Magical Beast. In the end it is a rock egg without treasures." Seven large men covered in blood cursed as they walked out of the forest entrance. On the horse cart frame behind them there lay the large corpse of a Magical Beast. The head of the corpse had been cut open and there was only the brain...
Chapter 377: The Preparation Before Leaving
Xiao Yan slowly walked into the city. He passed through the street which had a turbulent human flow. He swept his gaze and his brows slightly knit together. This was because he realized that on some of the pillars on the street there were actually wanted posters issued by the Misty Cloud Sect pasted onto them. On those white papers his appearance was drawn with great clarity. Moreover the Xuan Class Qi Method that was listed as a reward had also caused quite a number of people to stop under it with their eyes revealing some greediness. For many people a Xuan Class Qi Method was something that one may meet but cannot hope for.
TL: may meet but cannot hope for - one may be lucky to find something but one cannot expect to obtain it otherwise
"Looks like there really is some trouble." Xiao Yan carefully hid his face under the shadows of the Doupeng as he softly muttered in his heart.
"Let"s leave the Jia Ma Empire as soon as possible. The influence of the Misty Cloud Sect here is indeed too great. With your current strength it is insufficient to contend with them." Yao Lao"s voice suddenly sounded.
Xiao Yan smiled bitterly and nodded. He suddenly sighed gently. The feeling...
Chapter 378: Black-Corner Region
Three days later in a certain hidden forested area outside of Da Ling City a person dressed in a black robe slowly walked out. He lifted his head to eye the occasional passerby on the main road that hurried past him. After determining the direction of the road he lifted his head and walked toward the main road that headed south.
The pace at which the black-robed person was not that quick. However if an attentive person were to observe him they would be able to discover that each time the footsteps of the black-robed person fell his body would strangely advance by over one meter. The scene was similar to a small scale teleportation was occurring appearing extremely strange.
The black-robed person who had come out from the forest was naturally and undoubtedly Xiao Yan who had been hiding within it to refine the medicinal pills which he needed. With the help of Yao Lao during these past three days the various recovery and healing medicinal pills which he had exhausted had once again populated his storage ring. With a sufficient amount of medicinal pills in reserve Xiao Yan also felt a lot more relieved. On this Dou Qi continent what kind of person would leave their home to go on an adventure without preparing these restorative...
Chapter 379: Exposed
A large group of humans and horses whizzed past on the the road kicking up the yellow dust covering the road. Laughter and curses repeatedly resounded along the way.
At the back of the group of humans and horses there were some people pushing the horse carts and carrying robes. They did not wear the same clothing as those mercenaries in front of them. This was because they were merely some servants responsible for washing clothes preparing food and building tents within the Mercenary Company. Among this group of servants whose faces were covered with dust a person pushing a cart while wearing a broken hat on his head suddenly looked up. Other than a pair of black colored eyes being clearly visible the remainder of his dust covered face was nearly completely hidden under some yellow soil. At a glance he did not appear any different from the servants with wooden expressions beside him.
"It is indeed worthy of being called the fortress which guards the borders. This size really causes one to suckle his tongue. It is far from what the cities within the Jia Ma Empire can compare with." As he eyed the city wall which appeared even larger and more imposing as he moved closer the man suddenly sighed softly. Hearing this voice this person was actually Xiao Yan. Looking at the situation it appeared that he planned to rely on this mercenary company and sneak into the final fortress of the empire.
The group grew increasingly nearer to the city wall within the yellow dust. When they were a few hundred meters from the enormous city gate Xiao Yan narrowed his eyes and watched the sky above the city wall. There appeared to be a faint shapeless energy fluctuation there.
"There are indeed energy sensors. It is fortunate that I did not try to forcefully fly over. Otherwise those invisible energy sensors might have immediately exposed me. With the special crossbow equipment that these...
Chapter 380: Leaving The Jia Ma Empire!
A dense group of people were gathered at the city"s gate. Numerous gazes that contained some expectation or curiosity were locked on the two people who stood in an empty area. During this period of time Xiao Yan"s name was nearly known by everyone within the Jia Ma Empire. Many people had merely heard of this legendary person who had dared to contend with the entire Misty Cloud Sect with his own strength. All of the faces of those present were now filled with anticipation. Now that they were lucky enough to witness him fighting with their own eyes they wanted to know if the rumors that were running rampant were true or not. Did this young man who was not even twenty years old actually possess the strength to kill a Dou Wang?
Mu Tie"s hands were crossed in front of his chest much like a black-colored iron pagoda. He stood quietly but emitted a powerful and stern Qi despite not being angry pressuring people to the point where the skin on their heads became numb. From the Qi which he inevitably emitted his strength clearly far exceeded Meng Li"s. According to Xiao Yan"s guess this middle-aged large man might have already reached the peak of the Dou Ling class. With his age even with quite good training talent this was something that would cause one to suckle their tongue. Of course the reason for this was partly because of him being in bloody battles all year round. The life and death battles on the battlefield...
Chapter 381: Mysterious Faction Hall of Souls?
A grey-robed young man slowly walked out from the western city gate of the "Zhen Gui Pass". He stood outside the moat and lifted his eyes to gaze at the mountain ranges in the distance. After which he turned his head and took a final look at this border city of the Jia Ma Empire. Once he walked away from here he would truly be able to roam freely throughout the high skies and vast seas. The world outside would definitely be even more interesting than this empire.
Xiao Yan inhaled a deep breath of air. Finally he ceased feeling nostalgic and strode into the distance. His skinny back slowly faded away at the edge of the main road.
Around half an hour after the grey-robed young man disappeared some black air strangely and suddenly appeared in the sky above the "Zhen Gui Pass". The black air lingered in the sky as if it was possessed by a spirit much like a ghost.
For some time the black air moved back and forth in the sky above the "Zhen Gui Pass" where Xiao Yan had fought earlier. Suddenly it was swept up by the wind as it headed in the same direction that Xiao Yan had walked. Along the way it left a black trace that was partially...
Chapter 382: Jia Nan Academy the Xiao clan has a Female Maturing Early
The Jia Nan Academy was an ancient academy that was seated in the middle of the continent. In the past thousands of years the strongest people who walked out of here were all people who were extremely well known on the continent and just their names could shake an entire region.
The most terrifying thing of an academy was not how great the strength of its teachers were but the tens of thousands of strong people that had walked out of this academy. If the Jia Nan Academy was in danger of being destroyed one day all the academy had to do was gather all those strong people who had graduated from the academy. It would be difficult to imagine just how terrifying this strength would be.
Although the number of different academies on the continent was difficult to count the reputation of Jia Nan Academy was something that had never been surpassed even now. From this one could see just how solid the heritage of this academy which was shrouded by an age-tested aura was.
On the continent countless numbers of people regardless of race would be proud of being able to enter this ancient academy. Unfortunately the extremely harsh requirements the academy had when recruiting new students caused many to bemoan their inadequacy.
On the peak of the mountain behind the academy where the trees were lush a young lady wearing a pale-green dress was standing prettily. There was a purple belt tied around her small pretty waist outlining the waist until it was extremely alluring.
She was facing the vast white fog at the back of the peak of the mountain. Her long soft black hair moved along her shoulders as it fell to her narrow waist. Only then did it cease to extend further.
The young lady stood with her hands together. Her tall figure was like a green lotus blooming in the mortal world against a background of faint...
Chapter 383: Great Plains of the Black Region
The "Black-Corner Region" a special region that had been agglomerated and built up outside of the Jia Nan Academy due to chaos. There were many people who possessed doubts over why just outside the Jia Nan Academy an ancient and long established academy would possess such a chaotic region that was totally different from the atmosphere within the academy. Regardless of the reason it was the truth that it existed. Despite numerous suppressions over the many years the "Black-Corner Region" was still expanding exponentially at a rate that caused many people to be stunned. The special property of this region"s extreme resilience caused the opposing factions who had the intention of suppressing the expansion of this region to feel powerless.
The boundary of the "Black-Corner Region" was extremely long. Moreover after these few years of expansion it had almost become a small country with clear borders. The only difference between it and other empires was that other empires had a leader standing right at the top while this region was one where everyone fought for themselves. Various factions repeatedly fought and killed for their own benefit. It was so chaotic within the "Black-Corner Region" that it was like a plate of loose sand. However it was also because of this that the "Black-Corner Region" was able to become increasingly stronger and...
Chapter 384: A Chaotic Region Where Compassion is Unnecessary
As one glanced over the endless plain as far as the eye could see there was only a monotonous black color. Against the background of the somewhat dark sky a depressive atmosphere that caused one to feel fretful shrouded the plain. In this somewhat strange place it was little wonder why those chaotic rules were born.
A black shadow suddenly shot out from the distance on this quiet plain. The speed of the black shadow was extremely quick. As it flashed it appeared to be teleporting. However each time a foot landed on the ground it would bring about a muffled thunder explosion. The explosive sound formed a ripple shape that spread on the plain and gradually became distant.
While the human figure ran at his maximum speed he suddenly lifted his head slightly and revealed a delicate and handsome young face. He was Xiao Yan who had shuttled from thousands of kilometers away. The current him was frowning as he watched the vast plain. He softly muttered "This damn place really causes people to feel constrained but why is it that I have yet to see anyone after having entered into this plain for such a long time?"
"Continue heading forward. I think that it is likely that Hai Bodong has never come here before. Therefore the map which he gave you does not have the exact route on the Great Plain of the Black Region. Now we can only enter some small town on the plain and then purchase a map of this place." Yao Lao said somewhat uncertainly. He was similarly unfamiliar...
Chapter 385: Black Ranking Black Storm
A fleet of carts quickly moved past on this black plain lifting wisps of faint yellow dust before finally disappearing at the edge of one"s sight.
Xiao Yan was seated cross-legged within a somewhat bumpy horse carriage. The person in front of him was the person in change of the merchant convoy called Duo Ma. This merchant group was indeed not very strong as he had mentioned. Among them the strongest person appeared to have the strength of a five star Dou Shi. Of course as the leader of the guards hired by Duo Ma that fellow naturally felt somewhat unhappy at Xiao Yan who had suddenly joined them. However after Xiao Yan had "accidentally" knocked him off the horse carriage with a palm while they were rushing through the journey he had become much more honest. It was also because of this palm that Duo Ma"s warmth toward Xiao Yan had become much more fervent. It even resulted in him even directly inviting Xiao Yan to sit in his carriage to properly receive him. After all under the danger of them being robbed anywhere one would feel much more reassured if there was a strong person sitting among the convoy.
The current Duo Ma had taken out a map which was somewhat old and yellowed from his chest pocket. He placed it on the table in front of him and slowly pulled it open. His finger pointed...
Chapter 386: Black Mark City
Xiao Yan laid on the grass as the wild wind screamed all around him. He did not dare to move his body even a little fearing that the mysterious thing hidden within the darkness had yet to leave and instead would suddenly become violent and kill people.
There was no concept of time within the darkness. Just when a thread of impatience rose within Xiao Yan"s heart a wisp of sunlight suddenly shone into the darkness. That scene was like an egg without even the slightest gaps being gently cracked open. Warm sunlight expelled the darkness within.
Following the appearance of the first thread of sunlight numerous rays of sunlight began pouring in. That howling wild wind also gradually weakened until it finally disappeared.
Xiao Yan eyed the sky which had become slightly brighter before sighing in relief within his heart. He carefully climbed up and glanced all around him. He immediately saw the merchant group which was already beginning to get everything in order just a few hundred meters away. Immediately he hurriedly opened his stride and hurried over.
When Xiao Yan was about to approach the merchant group he was able to see that joyful plum face of Duo Ma.
"Mister Yao Yan are you alright? I was really anxious when...
Chapter 387: Xiao Yan in Financial Distress
The convoy whizzed down from the mountain peak. Ten minutes later they approached the dark black city gate. Their speed gradually slowed before they finally queued behind the long line of people and quietly waited for their turn to enter the city.
Standing in front of the horse carriage Xiao Yan lifted his head and studied the dark mass that was the enormous city wall. His gaze swept across the three large words "Black Mark City" which had been placed right in the middle of the city gate. Moving his sight slowly downward he finally paused on the ten plus darkly-dressed men at the city gate. They appeared to be the guards of a city in the outside world. However in this place anyone who wanted to enter had to hand over quite a large amount of city entrance fees. It should be known that if this kind of city entrance fees were placed in the environment like the Jia Ma Empire it would likely directly cause a commotion. However in the "Black-Corner Region" something like this was commonplace.
"Get lost stop leaping around in front of me." Just as Xiao Yan was observing the city which had a special serving of the "Black-Corner Region" a curse which was filled with irritation suddenly sounded at a spot not far in front of him....
Chapter 388: Alleviating Poverty Through Refining Pills
After walking out from the "Thousand Medicine Place" Xiao Yan lifted his head and eyed the somewhat dusky sky. He let out a long sigh. From this moment on he had formally become a member of the impoverished clan. Four sets of medicinal ingredients to refine the "Three-Lined Green Spirit Pill" not only completely exhausted all of his one hundred and thirty thousand gold coins but also got him to take out a total of three bottles or twenty-seven "Energy Recovery Pills" in order to successfully receive the medicinal ingredients from an astonished attendant. One should clearly know that according to its market value the "Energy Recovery Pill" could be sold for over five thousand gold coins apiece. If these twenty seven pieces were sold together it would cost at least more than a hundred thousand gold coins.
"I am so poor that I"m practically a beggar... hopefully I will not destroy them when refining. Otherwise I am afraid that I will really have to take out the "Amethyst Lion Birth Essence" to sell." Xiao Yan laughed bitterly. Although he purchased four sets of the medicinal ingredients needed to refine the "Three-Lined Green Spirit Pill" it was impossible to achieve a one hundred percent success rate with his current ability. Moreover if he succeeded in two out of the four chances he would be able to make a profit in this transaction. The problem however was...
Chapter 389: Black Mark Auction House
Xiao Yan stood at the end of the street where the human traffic was turbulent. He lifted his head and watched the auction house in front of him which was incomparably huge. His mouth could not resist releasing a shocked sigh. Back then when he saw the auction house headquarters of the Primer clan in the Jia Ma Empire he had felt somewhat shocked by its size. It was however unexpected that he would realize that the Primer Auction house was undoubtedly trivial when compared to this auction house which was also called "Black Mark" now that he had arrived at Black Mark City.
There were over ten indifferent-faced black-clothed powerful men who carried sharp weapons on their waist outside the Black Mark Auction House. Their gazes which were as sharp as eagles repeatedly swept across the human flow coming and going. From the faint presence that was seeping out from the bodies of these men five of them were actually of the Dou Shi class while the rest were around the peak of the Dou Zhe level.
There were already people at the Dou Shi class among those they had carelessly ordered to guard the entrance. It appeared that the strength of this "Eight Gates" was really strong. At the very least the Primer...
Chapter 390: The Start of the Auction
Once he exited the Black Mark Auction House Xiao Yan walked directly back to the inn he was staying at. He rested in his small room until it was about time for the auction to begin. Only then did he exit his training mode and put his large black robe on completely invigorated. He then left the inn at a steady pace once again walking over to the auction ground.
When Xiao Yan arrived at the entrance of the auction house the huge nearly-packed racketing crowd with noises that shot towards the sky caused him to become slightly dull. He did not expect that the Great Auction Fair would actually attract so many people. It was indeed worthy of being called a grand event in the "Black-Corner Region".
Xiao Yan tried to squeeze through the human traffic before he withdrew somewhat helplessly. This "Black-Corner Region" could not be compared with the Jia Ma Empire. If one cut the queue here there would immediately be dozens of fist violently thrown over. After all the temper of the people within the "Black-Corner Region" was not as meek as those of the outside world. If they had any disagreement drawing their knives and hacking at others was something that was a common sight.
Xiao Yan withdrew from the human flow which was shouting non-stop. His gaze swept around him and immediately stopped...
Chapter 391: Flying Dou Technique: Lightning Bat Sky Wings
The clear "gong" slowly reverberated throughout the auction ground. Following the sound of the "gong" the racket and noise in the ground also gradually receded. Countless number of gazes were thrown toward the crystal platform. Their eyes were all heated.
"Ke ke I think that everyone here has waited until they are feeling a little impatient. Since that is the case I shall not say any official or superficial words to annoy you." That white-haired old man who was wearing fancy clothes smiled as he eyed the dense mass of heads in the auction ground. Finally his obscure gaze swept the factions seated in the front row. His loud and clear voice resounded throughout the place. As a very experienced auctioneer he clearly knew that what those people below wanted to see and did not want to see. Therefore his unnecessary introduction at the start was directly cast aside. Without a doubt however this action of the old man had indeed won cheers from the entire place. At the very least even that dark ice cold Junior Sect Leader of the Blood Sect also nodded slightly.
"As the annual Great Auction Fair begins I think that this one which our "Eight Gates" has organized will definitely not disappoint anyone." The old man gently clapped. He said in a clear voice "I announce that the "Black Mark City" Auction Fair begins now!"
As the old man"s clear voice fell an eye-piercing intense light erupted from the crystal platform. It was a long while later before the intense...
Chapter 392: Competing for the Lightning Bat Sky Wings and the Map Fragment
A faint purple lighting aura seeped out from within the dark black bat wings. Some of the arcs appeared to be a substance-like lightning shape appearing extremely mysterious.
Once this so called Lightning Bat Sky Wings appeared the entire auction house became somewhat quiet. Some of the people who did not know what"s what appeared a little lost. A commotion however broke out among those who had heard of the name Flying Dou Technique like the Blood Sect Black Skeleton Tomb and the other factions in front. Clearly this so called Lightning Bat Sky Wings had interested them. After all as long as one had this Dou Technique they would be able to fly just like a strong Dou Wang. This was definitely something that one must have to easily kill people and flee!
"This thing is interesting. I like it." The Blood Sect"s Junior Sect Leader"s gaze stared intently at the strange bat wings which had escaped from the jade scroll as he softly muttered.
"Junior Sect Leader the price of this flying Dou Technique is likely going to be over a million. If we continue to squander like this we might not be able to compete for the last item." Upon hearing Fan Ling"s words a similarly pale-faced old man could not resist whispering with worry.
"Why are you so anxious?"...
Chapter 393: Unforeseen Changes
On the crystal platform the white-haired auctioneer"s saliva was spitting everywhere as he introduced just how mysterious this ancient cloth fragment was. In summary he had put in his all in order to raise the value of this old cloth fragment by even a little. Unfortunately the effect did not seem to be great. This was because some people on the auction ground had already become impatient during his patient introduction. Some of those who were bad tempered directly cursed out loud.
Hearing that the people below did not have any enthusiastic responses the white-haired auctioneer could only helplessly shake his head. He swallowed his saliva and moistened his dry throat before speaking with a bitter smile "According to what we determined the base price of this piece of cloth fragment is one hundred thousand. Now the auction shall begin."
As the voice of the white haired auctioneer fell the enormous auction ground immediately became completely quiet. Some of the gazes which were sweeping over the platform were like they were trying to find an idiot. Who would spend one hundred thousand gold coins to purchase a broken thing which one did not even...
Chapter 394: Di Class Agility Type Dou Technique: Three Thousand Lightning Movement
The auction continued to progress slowly under the anticipation of a countless number of people. After that mysterious map fragment there were some good things that spurred the atmosphere of the entire place. Coincidentally the high spirit of competitiveness that Xiao Yan"s "Three-Lined Green Spirit Pill" brought out was among the leaders of the auctioned items.
As the highest grade "Green Spirit Pill" there were seldom anyone who had seen a true "Three-Lined Green Spirit Pill" even in this "Black-Corner Region". After all the requirement where one needed three different kinds of flames to refine it was really too tough to meet. Thus the moment when the "Three-Lined Green Spirit Pill" was revealed many of the top faction representatives showed shocked in their faces.
The person who ended up obtaining the "Three-Lined Green Spirit Pill" was not the rich and powerful Junior Sect Leader of the Blood Sect but someone from the "Sky Serpent Mansion". That Elder Qing directly burst out a sky high price of one million five hundred thousand and nearly caused the entire place to whistle at the resolution of this woman. Under this sky high price that appeared at the...
Chapter 395: Main Attraction!
Following the appearance of the "Three Thousand Lightning Movement" the atmosphere within the auction ground entered its hottest period. The large factions in the front also finally began to place out more and more competitive bids that caused a countless number of people to sit there in admiration.
No initial base price was set for the "Three Thousand Lightning Movement". However at the moment the auction hammer fell the price abruptly soared to the high price of two million. The terrifying increments that the price was increasing by was something that Xiao Yan had never witnessed in the many years since his birth.
Spending a huge sum in one go. Such pride and daringness was thoroughly displayed by these factions in front of the temptation of this Di Class Agility Type Dou Technique.
The constantly soaring price maintained the atmosphere within the auction house with excited roars that did not stop even for a moment. Under the sky high price which was swiftly multiplying many people felt that their trip here was worthwhile just by being able to personally witness this kind of soul-stirring competition of money despite many of them clearly understanding that they did not have the qualification to obtain the item themselves...
Chapter 396: Tier Seven Medicinal Pill: Yin-Yang Mysterious Dragon Pill!
The dark solemness and fury contained within Yao Lao"s words naturally did not escape Xiao Yan"s keen senses. Xiao Yan could not help but be immediately stunned. He carefully spoke in his heart "Teacher is there something bothering you?"
The sound of someone inhaling a deep breath appeared in Xiao Yan"s heart. Yao Lao immediately forcefully suppressed his emotions and said some faint words "It"s nothing. Take a look for now. Allow me to tell you some things in the future. It is a little too early to be telling you about them now."
After saying these words Yao Lao descended into silence. Regarding this Xiao Yan was slightly startled. He silently nodded his head and no longer opened his mouth to say anything more. Instead he lifted his head and threw his gaze over toward the tier seven medicinal pill which Yao Lao had called "Yin-Yang Mysterious Dragon Pill".
Although there were many people in the auction ground who were uncertain of the exact details of the medicinal pill they were able to see the extraordinariness of this thing based off of the golden glow it had released earlier. Therefore desire involuntarily appeared on their faces.
Compared to the outsiders who were unclear of the effect of the medicinal...
Chapter 397: Auction House
Xiao Yan slowly walked out of the auction house and stood at the entrance. He lifted his head to watch the slightly darkening sky before letting out a long sigh. After which he turned around and walked toward the hall of the auction house.
"I should first obtain the money and the things I have bid for." Xiao Yan muttered to himself as he walked.
When he entered the hall Xiao Yan took out his second grade VIP card and handed it to a female servant. After he clearly stated his purpose he was respectfully invited in by the latter.
"Sir please wait for a moment. The auction fair will be over soon. When that time comes the one in charge will help this sir put together the goods you have bought." The female servant placed a cup of warm tea on the table beside Xiao Yan before withdrawing with a smile from the room.
Xiao Yan nodded slightly and held the teacup in his hand. He absorbed some of the warmth but did not drink it. There was no harm in being a little more cautious in this "Black-Corner Region". This was especially so at this auction place where it appeared to be fair but was actually a dark place in a complete mess.
Xiao Yan closed his eyes. His finger slowly tapped...
Chapter 398: Ambush Killing
A black shadow suddenly flashed into some dense bushes within the thick forest. His gaze passed through the gaps between the branches and eyed a spot under a large tree which was only a hundred meters away. Over ten human figures were temporarily resting near that spot.
Xiao Yan lifted his head and eyed the weather from within the dense forest. He hesitated for a moment his breathing was so calm that there was not the slightest fluctuation. Although his target was in front of him he was not in a hurry to strike. Besides Fan Ling was a Dou Ling while the two old men by his side also had strength which were around that of the Dou Ling class. Adding some other guards whose strength were quite strong even Xiao Yan with the help of Yao Lao would have difficulty completely dealing with all of them within a short period of time. Therefore he must search for the best opportunity to strike. Otherwise it would likely be a little troublesome once he exposed himself. The strength of the Blood Sect could after all be considered quite strong even in the "Black-Corner Region".
Xiao Yan"s gaze was focused intently on Fan Ling"s group. The other party rested for nearly ten minutes before they finally stood up once again. Just as Xiao Yan thought that they would hurry forward continuing the route earlier however the group of people suddenly...
Chapter 399: The Fierce Fighting on the Road
"Kill!"
That Elder Qing from the "Sky Serpent Mansion" did not hesitate at all in the face of the dense dark cry of Fan Lao. Her expression was dark and solemn as she let out a stern cry. Powerful Dou Qi surged from within her body and her strong aura directly shook the leaves and plants on the ground around her until they shot backward. From this force of hers her strength should have already advanced to the Dou Wang level.
Under this cry of hers the twenty plus strong people from the "Sky Serpent Mansion" around her also let out a "chang" sound as they grabbed their weapons and allow their Dou Qi to surge out. Threads of different snake shaped Dou Qi cycled around their bodies before flowing away finally and abruptly erupting with terrifying force which charged toward those red-robed warriors around them.
Two torrents one green and one red violently collided meeting in the middle of the main road. A wave of energy ripples began to shoot out like a wave.
When the cruel and numb faced Blood Sect warriors violently hacked their knives downward they were surrounded by a bloody aura. They did not emit the slightest sound. The strong people from the "Sky Serpent Mansion" also had dark solemn faces as they circulated the Dou Qi in their bodies to the limit. Their weapons...
Chapter 400: Xiao Yan Benefits from Two Forces Fighting
A group of red shadows like a raging flood whizzed past the forest. Their dense bloody aura caused some of the low ranked Magical Beasts which were out looking for food to fear coming any closer. They could only use their frightened gazes from afar as they watched the group of people as they ran pass.
A short while after that group of red-colored humans had rushed past another black-colored shadow leaped and appeared from in between the trees. His body flashed and stopped at a tree branch before lifting his head overlooking the red-colored group of people who had their heads lowered as they ran wildly. He could not resist frowning. In a soft voice he said "If I continue to delay like this Fan Lao might really come chasing..."
Xiao Yan mused slightly clenched his teeth and said quietly "If there is no opportunity to strike then I can only forcefully create one."
Once he said this Xiao Yan"s feet gently pressed against the branch. His body gently drifted down before his body continued to follow the group in front.
Two groups with a great disparity in numbers rushed through the mountain forest with one at the front and the other trailing behind. The distance between them did not exceed a hundred meters.
Xiao Yan remained close behind the group in front quietly counting the time in his heart. It continued in this manner for a couple of minutes before he finally could not endure any longer. His feet violently stepped on a tree branch. His speed had just soared when he suddenly...
Chapter 401: The First Change of the Sky Fire Three Mysterious Change: Green Lotus Change!
From the moment that he obtained the silver-colored scroll until it had been snatched away had only been a split second apart. After hearing that mocking laughter appear Fan Ling finally recovered from the change that had suddenly appeared. His expression suddenly darkened as he slowly lifted his head. His gaze was dense as he eyed the black-robed person on the tree branch. After seeing the familiar dressing which he had seen at the auction ground before he could not help but be startled. He immediately said in a dark and cold voice "It"s you?"
When Fan Ling spoke the remaining ten plus Blood Guards in the battleground who still had some combat strength began flashing aside with great teamwork. Coincidentally they surrounded the black-robed man within their encirclement. Elder Luo"s face was also dark and cold. His pair of icy eyes were filled with killing intent. Regardless of the intention of this person this person must definitely not leave this place alive since he had clashed with their operation.
"Ke ke Junior Sect Leader Fan Ling we meet again." The delicate and handsome face under the black robe was lifted into a mocking smile. Xiao Yan played with the silver-colored scroll in his hand and was unconcerned of the Blood Guards who had completely...
Chapter 402: Reward!
"Boom!"
A pair of bloody palms and a green-colored fire palm heavily smashed against each other within the bloody fog. A frightening air wave suddenly spread out from both of their hands causing the two Blood Sect"s elder who were off to the side to have no choice but to swiftly pull back as their expressions changed slightly.
There was only a momentary silence after the two palms collided within the bloody fog before a shrill voice that contained some fear sounded "Fire? Dammit you actually possess a "Heavenly Flame"?"
"Boom!"
The shrill voice had just fallen when another wave of hot air spread out from within the bloody fog. As the air wave rolled the bloody fog which shrouded the air and land was directly grilled by the hot air until it became much thinner.
"Glug..."
The sound of blood being vomited suddenly sounded within the gradually thinning bloody fog. Quickly following this a shadow stuck close to the ground as it shot out from the bloody fog. His feet left a deep nearly ten meter long scar in the ground before he finally collided heavily into a tree trunk. His shoulders shook and the tree trunk was immediately smashed into two.
With his back leaning against the tree trunk the legs of the human figure became feeble and his body collapsed. His hands supported himself...
Chapter 403: Swallowing The Yin-Yang Mysterious Dragon Pill!
A black shadow suddenly flashed past a dense mountain forest. Occasionally the black robe would collide with a tree branch which grew wildly causing the black robe to be lifted slightly to reveal a delicate and handsome young face. It was that of Xiao Yan who was fleeing after killing Fan Ling"s group and obtaining the treasures.
Seemingly because he was worried that someone would discover his footprints and other small clues if he were to run on the surface Xiao Yan had chosen to leap from tree branch to tree branch ever since he had left the place where he had performed the act. Even when he occasionally landed on the ground he would carefully cover his footprint and other things.
Xiao Yan borrowed the cover of the dense thicket of the forest. Although he had sensed a presence which contained an incomparable dark chillness and killing intent flying past him in the sky when he was fleeing he was able to hide his Qi with the help of Yao Lao. Therefore he was not discovered by the furious Fan Lao during his journey where he was doing his best to flee. He was really quite lucky.
After an entire day and night of fleeing with all his strength Xiao Yan had finally thrown the "Black Mark City" into the distance. At this moment even if Fan Lao had the ability to communicate with the heavens he would definitely not be able to seek Xiao Yan out in this place which was a couple of hundred kilometers...
Chapter 404: Peace Town
The roar which carried a strange sound wave spread mightily between the mountains and gradually disappeared after a long time. Only at this moment did the mountains which had suddenly become silent quietly recover some of the sounds of life.
On the mountain cliff Xiao Yan suddenly held his neck and let out a couple of intense coughs. After which he forcefully swallowed a few mouthfuls of saliva. Only then did the feeling of a blaze burning in his throat weakened slightly.
"A natural reaction You need not be too concerned..." Yao Lao smiled and comforted when he saw the expression pasted on Xiao Yan"s face.
"Cough... teacher. Have I successfully inherited it?" Xiao Yan"s face may be flushed due to the intense coughing spell but his face still contained an excitement as he asked eagerly.
"Ah from the looks of it you have indeed successfully obtained that strange dragon aura which possesses the ability to cause souls to tremble..." Yao Lao laughed. Gratification was present in his laughter.
The excitement on Xiao Yan"s face was much more dense when he heard this. Although the "Yin-Yang Mysterious Dragon Pill" did not immediately raise his strength this so called dragon aura caused him to have another attacking method that would take others by surprise. One can imagine how much help this ability would be to Xiao Yan in the future.
"Although the current you may have successfully inherited the dragon...
Chapter 405: Jia Nan Academy Law Enforcement Unit
The dense dark aura emitted from that strange "Death Spirit Tree" caused everyone who had stopped at the entrance of the small town to feel a chill in their bones. In the "Black-Corner Region" the name of the "Death Spirit Tree" had nearly already reached a stage where one would tremble with fear just from hearing its name. Many of the people who had lived in the "Black-Corner Region" for some years would not forget the deadly and bloody battle between the "Black-Corner Region" and Jia Nan Academy. There weren"t many people who really paid much attention to the reason for why that bloody battle began . The only thing that people knew was after that bloody battle the corpses of two strong Dou Wangs and one Dou Huang were hung on this "Death Spirit Tree" with a incomparably cruel method...
From that day on the area around Jia Nan Academy descended into a quiet region that was incomparable with the outside world. There were no longer any strong people from the "Black-Corner Region" who dared to carry a face filled with killing intent and charge into these small towns. Even though there were a few riots the people who were involved in it would become a corpse which was fixed onto the "Death Spirit Tree" within an hour.
During these years the notoriety of the "Death Spirit Tree"...
Chapter 406: Crucial Moment
"Hei it actually is really that new student who took two years leave in one go..." Huo De was holding a casefile in his hand within the spacious room. There was a drawing in the casefile. Although the drawing was three years old with a face that still carried a little innocence the overall outline was exactly the same as Xiao Yan"s.
Hou De closed the casefile in his hand before a genuine smile appeared on his face. He patted Xiao Yan"s shoulders and smiled before saying with a deeper meaning in his words "Little fellow you"re definitely not simple. The casefile states that you were merely a four star Dou Zhe two years ago but now... I"m afraid that you are at least of the Dou Shi class right?"
Upon hearing Hou De"s words those members of the Law Enforcement Unit were immediately startled. They threw their stunned gaze toward Xiao Yan. In two years he directly advanced from a four star Dou Zhe to become a Dou Shi. This kind of speed was quite good.
Xiao Yan smiled neither denying nor acknowledging.
"Are you planning to head directly to the academy now?" Huo De asked with a smile.
"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded.
"Carry this with you. Only then will you be permitted into the academy." Huo De took out an azure badge from his storage ring and handed it over to Xiao Yan. After which he appeared to have suddenly remembered something. He turned his head toward those members of the Law Enforcement Unit and smiled before he asked "Oh that"s right... coincidentally tomorrow happens to be the inner academy qualifying competition no?"
"Ah yes that"s right Section Leader Huo De." A member of the unit hurriedly replied.
"You are really lucky to be able to see such a grand event after just entering the academy. However I recalled that there seemed to be your name in the inner academy qualifying competition last year. This is something that Instructor Ruo Ling had helped you put in against all odds. Unfortunately you did not come at the end. This really infuriated Instructor Ruo Ling. Therefore I think that she is unlikely to put in your name this year. After all the qualifying competition this time around concerns whether she can be promoted to a Xuan class instructor...:" Huo De smilingly said.
"Uh..." Xiao Yan was startled when he heard this. As he recalled seeing the angry green face of the gentlewoman back then he laughed bitterly and said "I really had something important and could not rush over at that time..."
"Hee hee this does not concern me. If you want to explain go and explain to her by yourself." Huo De smiled gloatingly. His gaze eyed the sky outside which was gradually becoming dark. He voiced his thoughts "The sky is already quite dark now. However I see that you are hurrying to go to the inner academy so I shall not hold you back. However there is still an extremely large region of primeval forest outside the academy. There are...
Chapter 407: One Strike
The voice which had suddenly appeared directly caused the open ground where private whispers had just broken out to once again quiet down suddenly. Numerous gazes that contained some astonishment were thrown onto the black-robed young man in the middle of the open ground who was carrying a huge black ruler that was around his height. In an instant the entire stadium was completely silent.
"Xiao Yan ge-ge..." Xun Er eyed the back of the figure standing on the open ground who was taller compared to two years ago but also a little skinnier. An elegant smile that would cause the surrounding male students to lust for greatly was immediately revealed on her exquisitely pretty face.
"This fellow... must he create such a big commotion every time he arrives. He really likes showing off." Xiao Yu"s pretty eyes stared intently at the back which she had not seen for two years. She heaved a great sigh of relief in her heart. However her mouth was still unwilling to forgive as she spoke out loud.
"Ha ha Xiao-Yu jie-jie is that person the Xiao Yan ge-ge that Xun Er is always talking about? It is really unexpected that he managed to hurry over at the very last moment." Beside Xiao Yu a group of young ladies who appeared to be of the same...
Chapter 408: Killing A Chicken To Warn A Monkey
TL: Make an example of others
The black-colored shadow carried a terrifying force and abruptly appeared in front of Xue Beng. A slight ripple surfaced in the air around any area where the fist passed. An endless number of ear-piercing explosions sounded like that of muffled thunder.
Under Xiao Yan"s ferocious attack that was like a thunderbolt one could hear the cracking sound repeatedly being erupted from the hard ground. Numerous crack lines began to swiftly spread out from Xiao Yan"s feet under a countless number of shocked gazes.
The speed which Xiao Yan used to attack was as fast as lightning. However Xue Beng was also not a person who relied solely on their tongue. Although he was shocked within his heart at the strength that Xiao Yan had displayed his reaction was not slow either. When Xiao Yan"s fist was swiftly expanding in front of his eyes he did not hesitate even a little as he gave up the long lance which the other party had clamped onto. He took a small step back and tapped his finger onto his storage ring. A silver-colored long lance that was completely made from steel instantly appeared in his hand.
With the lance landing in his hands Xue Beng"s fighting intent which had greatly shrunk due to being shocked by Xiao Yan"s terrifying attack swiftly soared. A low angry roar was emitted from his throat and the Dou Qi in his body was circulated to...
Chapter 409: Bumping Into One Another At Night
The entire open ground was silent as everyone watched the green-clothed young lady leaping into Xiao Yan"s embrace. At this moment one could almost hear the sound of countless hearts breaking.
Instructor Ruo Ling as well as Xiao Yu and the others beside Xun Er never expected that the young lady who was usually reserved and indifferent would actually perform such a bold action in public. Their faces were immediately stunned and they finally let out bitter laugh a long while later.
Xiao Yu eyed Xun Er who had pounced into Xiao Yan"s embrace and then glanced at Xiao Yan whose smile was like warm alcohol much like a drunk person who had just drank wine that had been stored away for a long time. An unknown and somewhat uncomfortable feeling suddenly rose within her heart.
On the other side of the viewing gallery the faint smile present on Bai Shan"s face finally became dark and solemn at this moment.
"When has Xun Er become so bold? Just because of a man?" The eyebrows of the red-clothed young lady also rose until they were almost vertical at this moment. Were it not for the old man beside her pulling her back when he saw the situation she might have been unable to resist rushing over and forcefully pulling those two apart who were stuck together like glue.
Xiao Yan"s hand tightly looped around that delicate willow-like waist. He lowered his head and gently sniffed the black hair of the young lady which contained a refreshing fragrance. Since she was able to do such a bold action that announced the relationship between the two of them in public then as a man he naturally would not choose to withdraw. This was even though the heated gazes shot from all around him caused...
Chapter 410: Clashing For the First Time
The faint words reverberated throughout the night without disappearing.
The eyes of the white-clothed young man were ice cold as he stared at the untamed and arrogant face of the other young man. The former did not say any other words. His wrists twisted slightly and a faint silver-colored Dou Qi began brewing in his palm. There was actually a faint soft muffled sound of thunder being emitted from within it.
"Lightning Type Dou Qi?" Astonishment flashed across Xiao Yan"s eyes as he heard the muffled lightning sound emitted from that silver-colored Dou Qi. He did not expect that this fellow actually possessed this rare Dou Qi element similar to his Second Brother.
Xiao Yan moved his hand. A pale-green Dou Qi also overflowed from his palm as Xiao Yan watched this white-clothed young man whom he had met once during the daytime with an indifferent expression. He did not have the slightest fear or timidness.
"The weak do not have the qualifications to possess her!" The white-clothed man glanced indifferently at Xiao Yan who did not shrink back. He laughed coldly and his toes abruptly pushed off of the pile of rubble. His body turned into a silver...
Chapter 411: Bewildering
"It is really unexpected that the Misty Cloud Sect"s Yun Shan is actually still alive... it really has exceeded my expectations." Xun Er"s expression changed following the faint words from Xiao Yan"s mouth. A long while later her eyebrows were slightly vertical and a cold glint flashed across her autumn watery eyes while she softly said.
"It is indeed quite troublesome." Xiao Yan also sighed softly. If it was not because of Yun Shan"s existence the Misty Cloud Sect would not have been able to chase him until he had to flee all the way out of the Jia Ma Empire.
The corner of Xiao Yan"s eyes glanced at the dark black corner of the wall where one could make a turn behind him. He heard the soft sound of footsteps which were gradually leaving from that spot. Only then did he turn his head to look at Xun Er. His expression was serious as he said "Xun Er there is something that I need you to honestly tell me because this is very important!"
"Oh?" Xun Er was startled when she heard this.When she saw Xiao Yan"s serious face she immediately nodded and said "As long as Xun Er knows Xun Er will naturally not hide anything that Xiao Yan ge-ge wants to know."
TL: ge-ge - elder brother or used to address an older male friend/relative...
Chapter 412: Rival
Xiao Yan withdrew his gaze from Bai Shan who was on the opposite side of the arena. His gaze then swept across the surroundings of the stadium once more. In the middle of the viewing gallery there were some good seats with the best views. Seated on these seats were merely four white-haired old men. Although the auras of these four people were no different from ordinary old men Xiao Yan"s gaze landed on their bodies first. Other people might not have sensed anything but with his outstanding Spiritual Perception was able to faintly sense a vibration in space that occasionally surfaced from the surroundings of these four old men. This kind of spatial fluctuation was only created when the strength of the Dou Qi in one"s body had reached a certain limit which enabled it resonate within the space of the outside world.
Among the strong people whom Xiao Yan was acquainted with even Hai Bodong had yet to achieve this level. Only those who had already entered the peak level of a Dou Huang like Jia Xing Tian or the even stronger Yun Shan were able to achieve this.
While Xiao Yan was observing these four old men who were dressed in an extremely plain manner the four of them suddenly appeared to have sensed something. Their originally...
Chapter 413: Fighting Lu M
When a middle-aged judge slowly walked onto the open ground a deafening ear-shocking cheer immediately erupted from the viewing gallery.
The cheer was suppressed by the judge"s hand until it gradually calmed down. This middle-aged judge looked once around the place before saying in a clear voice "All students after yesterday"s initial elimination and selection there are one hundred and seventy four of the originally three hundred participants remaining today. From this number the fifty names which have the qualification to enter the Inner Academy should be born today."
"Alright it is time for the Qualifying Competition. We shall begin. Any competitor whose name has been called please get in the arena as soon as possible. Once the stipulated time is over we will handle it as you giving up." The middle-aged judge was not long-winded. After introducing the rules of the competition he slowly withdrew to the judge"s seats on the open ground. At this time two names were emitted from the judges" seats.
"Xuan Class - Third Class Luo Fu!"
"Xuan Class - Fifth Class Ge Li!"
When they heard the names being read the two of them who were already prepared immediately flashed and leaped down from the viewing gallery. They steadily landed almost instantly in the arena and looked at one another. Sparks shot out from their eyes. Dou Qi of different elements came surging out from their...
Chapter 414: Playing With Fire
The scattered hair of the blue-clothed young man appearing in front of Xiao Yan was rolled down. A lazy expression hung on his face while his body straightened. Although his appearance was not as handsome as Bai Shan it could still give people a harmonious feeling in their hearts. A face that appeared harmless to human and animals made it extremely easy for people to let their guard down when they looked at him. It was little wonder why Xiao Yu given her character would be teased by this fellow when they met for the first time.
"You are Xiao Yan right? Xiao Yu"s younger cousin brother?" While Xiao Yan was weighing the blue-clothed young man the latter watched him with a smile and asked.
"Yes." Xiao Yan only nodded slightly and responded when he saw that this fellow did not display an expression similar to that of Bai Shan.
"Hee hee we"re family we"re family. Relax brother Xiao Yan I will hold back when the match begins in a little while and will definitely not cause you to be injured. Otherwise I will be unlucky if Xiao Yu is infuriated." Lu Mu immediately laughed when he saw Xiao Yan nodding his head and said with an extremely warm smile.
"Uh..." Xiao Yan was speechless when he heard these words. This fellow really acted familiar all by himself. He was able to pull their relationship...
Chapter 415: Pill Flame Skill
Two figures were facing each other on the enormous open ground. The hands of the two of them were respectively shrouded by a deep blue and purple-colored flame. As the flames rose they carried a high temperature that caused the space around the two of them to become a little twisted and illusionary.
The viewing gallery was completely silent as they watched the two different colored flames on the hands of the two of them. It was only a long while later before there was someone who released an exclamation of disbelief.
"Why can that Xiao Yan summon out an essence flame? Isn"t that something that can be only done by an alchemist or a strong person of the Dou Wang class and above?"
"Don"t tell me that this fellow is also an alchemist?"
"Purple colored flames how beautiful..."
Numerous shocked sighs or doubtful voices repeatedly sounded on the viewing gallery around the open ground.
"Why does this brat also have this kind of flame?" Xiao Yu was also startled when she saw the change in situation within the arena. A moment later she suddenly muttered "That"s right back then before he left I heard that this fellow had a mysterious alchemist teacher. From the looks of it now he should also be an alchemist? No wonder he can summon out an essence flame similar to Lu Mu"s."
Xun Er standing by the side whose gaze had been staring at the arena nodded slightly. According to Ling Ying"s report she clearly knew in her heart that if Xiao Yan were to display all the trump cards which he currently held it was likely that hardly any strong person of the same class within this academy would be able to defeat him. That Lu Mu may be considered a talented strong person who was hard to...
Chapter 416: Law Enforcement Unit : Wu Hao
As he heard the thunder-like cheers that sounded from the surrounding viewing gallery Xiao Yan smiled as he cupped his hands together and said to the bitter looking Lu Mu "Thank you Senior Lu Mu for going easy on me."
"What going easy a loss is a loss. There is nothing to give in. My open mindedness is not something that most people can compare with." Lu Mu rolled his eyes and immediately said with a bitter smile "But little fellow I did not expect that you were actually hiding your strength so deeply. You might really be able to enter the top five. I will come seek your advice should there be a chance in the future."
Once he said that Lu Mu cupped his hands at Xiao Yan turned his body toward the exit of the stadium and walked over in an extremely decisive manner.
"This person is also quite honest and is much better when compared to that Bai Shan. I can befriend him if there is an opportunity." Xiao Yan eyed that back and smiled faintly. He lifted his head and glanced in the direction where Bai Shan was seated coincidentally coming into contact with the coldness in the other party"s eyes. At that instant...
Chapter 417: Challenge
The noisy open ground had become much quieter following the appearance of the blood-robed figure. When the bloody scent came spreading out some of the students whose strength was still inferior felt a chill all over their body despite the sun hanging high in the sky at this moment.
"I"m afraid that this fellow has just returned from performing his mission. This bloody aura is even more dense than those fellows from the "Black-Corner Region"." The red-clothed young lady"s eyebrows became vertical. Her pupils directly eyed the blood-robed human figure while she spoke softly.
"He has indeed managed to hurry back huh..." The originally smile filled face of Bai Shan became slightly darker and more solemn when he saw the blood-robed human figure appear. In the Outer Academy of the Jia Nan Academy the one which he feared the most was not the Little Witch who caused the expressions of others to change when they heard her name nor was it Xun Er whose character was indifferent but strength was great and unfathomable. Instead it was this man whose body was filled with a bloody aura!
During these two years Bai Shan and Wu Hao had openly and secretly exchanged blows more than ten times. Unfortunately each time he did not obtain victory. The other person"s aura which was composed of an intent to kill for the sake of killing was really too frightening. Bai Shan could...
Chapter 418: Heirloom Jade Piece
Wu Hao"s hoarse indifferent voice focused all of the gazes in the stadium onto the black-robed young man. These gazes were filled with a gloating feeling expectations and all sorts of other emotions. Regardless of what it was the sentence Wu Hao had just said caused Xiao Yan to be the focus of attention in the entire arena.
Xiao Yan"s gaze stared intently at the blood-robed human figure in the arena. His eyes narrowed before he immediately stood up slowly in front of the countless number of gazes. There was not the slightest hint of fear on his face even when faced by the great strength of his opponent.
The two sets of gazes met in midair and faint powerful Dou Qi simultaneously surged out of the bodies of the two of them without any prior agreement. A slight energy ripple also spread out from the surface of the two people"s bodies. This was the phenomenon created by Dou Qi swiftly circulating within their bodies.
Seeing the two of them who were steadily beginning to face each other with their force the students in the surrounding viewing gallery immediately got excited. If these two people were to fight it would definitely be a fierce battle.
Xun Er frowned slightly by Xiao Yan"s side. She opened her mouth. That hesitating manner of hers where she hovered before speaking otherwise revealed her desire to stop Xiao Yan but at the same time worried that if she was to speak those students would think that Xiao Yan only knew how to hide behind a woman. Therefore the words that came to her mouth were finally not voiced.
"Hee hee fight. It would be best if the both of you end up suffering serious injuries and letting me save some energy." Bai Shan coldly smiled and watched the two people facing off against each other...
Chapter 419: The Last Qualifying Competition
Today was destined to be the most lively day in Jia Nan Academy. This was because the Inner Academy Qualifying Competition which gathered the gazes of all the students would reach a high tide where everyone would be the most excited.
Hu Jia Bai Shan Wu Hao Xun Er Xiao Yan. These five people who clearly displayed their powerful strengths caused everyone to be shocked during the past two days of the competition. Today the most eye catching collisions between the strong would unfold among these five outstanding students from the Outer Academy in this competition!
It was due to this that the number of people who gathered at the stadium today was many times more than the past two days. Not all of the surrounding audience were students of the academy. There were many who had come with admiration from Jia Nan City outside of the academy. As members who lived in Jia Nan City in all of these years they clearly knew that this was the most lively day in Jia Nan Academy every year. Therefore they would naturally not miss this distinguished affair.
When Xiao Yan and the others arrived outside the stadium and eyed the human dragon which had totally blocked the entrance to the stadium they could not help but feel...
Chapter 420: Big Chaotic Battle
"Do all of you understand the rules of the competition?" When there was no longer anyone entering the arena Hu Gan"s gaze swept around once and asked in a clear voice.
"Understood!" An orderly reply sounded within the arena when they heard Hu Gan"s words.
"Alright since all of you understand I announce that..." Hu Gan slowly raised his hand. Finally under countless number of gazes it fell suddenly "The final round of the Inner Academy Qualifying Competition will now begin!"
"Bang!"
As Hu Gan"s hand fell the originally quiet arena immediate let out a bang. A rainbow of different colored Dou Qi abruptly erupted in a dazzling fashion. Following a muffled sound being emitted the human figures in the arena quickly flashed. Most of the people flew swiftly toward the edge of the arena. They were all afraid that there would be someone using an underhanded method to throw them out in this kind of situation where enemies were everywhere.
Those in the viewing gallery watched the arena where a fight had broken out almost as soon as the competition began. They immediately let out sharp excited cries which resounded throughout the clouds. Many people tore their throats as they cheered for the competitors whom they liked. This kind of huge grand...
Chapter 421: Shaking Lightning Arc Blast
Xiao Yan slowly exhaled a breath of air as he eyed Bai Shan"s group whose footsteps were becoming increasingly fast. Within the interior of the vortex of his body the rhombic Dou Crystal trembled slightly. Threads of surging green-colored Dou Qi flowed out and circulated moving along the Qi Paths like flood water as it roared and galloped. Finally it surged out of his body and suddenly raised Xiao Yan"s strength to its peak.
The enormous Heavy Xuan Ruler was covered by the green-colored Du Qi. This powerful Dou Qi caused the surrounding air around the heavy ruler to have some slight undulations appear. Xiao Yan raised his head while holding the hilt of the ruler tightly in his hand. He tilted his head toward Xun Er and said faintly "Finish them off quickly. Don"t delay too long."
"Three minutes." Xun Er nodded slightly. Golden-colored Dou Qi surged out from her body. An eye-piercing golden glow caused her to be as radiant as the sun appearing extremely conspicuous.
Xiao Yan nodded his head as he sensed the fierce Dou Qi erupting explosively from behind him. He lifted his foot slightly and immediately stomped it on the ground. The sound of energy exploding appeared from the bottom of his foot as he immediately turned into a black-colored blur that carried an intense wind pressure. He shot fiercely...
Chapter 422: Fight
The fist carried a hot green-colored flame. Although it had yet to come in contact with his body Bai Shan could still sense a burning pain which he could not endure erupt from his skin. He clenched his teeth to withstand the pain. Silver light once again surged and appeared on his feet. With a sway of his body it strangely flashed and withdrew a couple of meters.
However just as Bai Shan withdrew out of Xiao Yan"s attacking range the green figure in front of him flashed again before he had the time to lift his lance to attack. Xiao Yan"s indifferent face once again appeared in front of Bai Shan. Both of Xiao Yan"s fists appeared to be crazy as they created more than ten afterimages and ruthlessly smashed toward various parts of Bai Shan"s body. Each and every punch landed on flesh. For a period of time the muffled sound of fist contacting flesh repeatedly sounded within the arena.
"Bastard!"
The waves of pain that were transmitted from all over his body caused the anger within Bai Shan"s heart to surge. Xiao Yan"s attacks were all unleashed at close range. This kind of distance did not allow him to display his lance skills. Although using the "Wind Lightning Movement" Agility Dou Technique could allow him to pull some distance away Xiao Yan who had removed the restraint of the Heavy Xuan Ruler was coincidentally...
Chapter 423: Xun Er"s Strength
As the three of them reached an agreement Wu Hao and Hu Jia waved their hands. Both of them brought each of their four remaining competitors as they slowly walked in the direction which Xiao Yan and Xun Er were at.
A dark coldness swept through Bai Shan"s eyes when he saw the actions of the two of them. He turned around and viciously stared at Xiao Yan who had his eyes closed. After which his gaze once again stopped at the young lady who was standing prettily in front of Xiao Yan some intoxication surface on his face. He clenched his fist tightly and softly muttered "You are mine!"
Bai Shan grasped the handle of his lance and strode toward where Xiao Yan and Xun Er were at.
The movement of everyone in the arena did not escape Xun Er"s notice. When she saw the three groups actually choosing to come over at the same time she appeared to have understood something. For the first time a faint coldness appeared on her elegant and exquisite face. She waved her sleeves gently and golden-colored Dou Qi swiftly surged forth. A force that was not weaker than a seven star Da Dou Shi erupted explosively from Xun Er"s body without being held back. The golden-colored Dou Qi agglomerated into two clusters of golden light in her palms much like small suns appearing attractive to people"s eyes.
"What?...
Chapter 424: One versus Three
The faint voice slowly reverberated across the stadium. After which the skinny black-robed young man pulled Xun Er behind him under the focus of a countless number of gazes. He raised his head slightly and his indifferent gaze stopped on the faces of Bai Shan Hu Jia and Wu Hao.
"This fellow is finally awake..." Instructor Ruo Ling and Xiao Yu on the viewing gallery finally let out a long sigh of relief as they stared at Xiao Yan who had exited his training mode at a crucial moment.
As they watched Xiao Yan whose aura had become much stronger than before Bai Shan and the two others clearly understood that the current Xiao Yan had already successfully increased his strength. The fight after this might really be unexpectedly fierce.
There were no ripples in Xiao Yan"s dark black pupils which were like old wells. Xun Er who was by his side however could clearly sense the brutal emotion that faintly seeped out from within his body. Clearly the actions of Bai Shan and the other two joining hands to surround and attack Xun Er had enraged Xiao Yan.
"Xun Er you should withdraw a little first. Let me handle the rest of them." Xiao Yan said faintly.
"Xiao Yan ge-ge the three of them all possess the strength of a five or six star Da Dou Shi. The Qi...
Chapter 425: No Mercy
Under the focus of a countless number of nearly dull gazes the dust that permeated throughout the arena slowly dispersed. The complete mess and rock fragments that appeared in their sights caused the viewing gallery to emit waves of sounds created by the sudden inhalation of cold air.
At this moment the hard arena which was originally created by neatly piling huge rocks on each other had actually turned into complete shambles. A deep expansive pit appeared in the middle of the ruins. Strange rocks were strewn everywhere around the deep pit. Looking at their appearance the competition arena looked completely different from before. No one had expected that the collision between Xiao Yan and Bai Shan"s three man team would actually create such a terrifying destructive strength.
"This fellow... he really is too abnormally strong." Xiao Yu was stunned as she observed the competition arena that had turned into ruins. It was a long while later before she let out a deep breath of air and spoke with a bitter smile. Even though she had already thought highly of her cousin who had his own independent and special behavior since young even she did not expect that this fellow...
Chapter 426: The End of the Competition
The sudden attack of Xiao Yan in the arena was beyond anyone"s expectations. Moreover the former attack was completed in a mere instant. Hence many people in the viewing gallery could only see a black shadow flashing within the arena. Immediately after there were three muffled sounds and finally Bai Shan Hu Jia and Wu Hao each vomited blood and were forced back before smashing heavily into rocks.
The audience watched Bai Shan and the two others who were leaning against rock walls struggling futilely as they made attempts with great difficulty to get up the entire stadium was quiet. Numerous gazes that were almost dull stared at the tall young man in the arena. At this moment there was a chill that seeped out from the hearts of a countless number of people. This fellow who usually appeared to wear a smile was actually the most terrifying one...
In the viewing gallery Instructor Ruo Ling and Xiao Yu were similarly stunned. It was a long while before they exchanged looks with one another. Earlier the manner of Bai Shan and the other two clearly indicated that they were in a defeated state. It was really unexpected that Xiao Yan actually gave another ferocious additional strike. Many people including the two of them understood that this was the revenge Xiao Yan took on behalf...
Chapter 427: The Peace After The Great Competition
Xiao Yan slowly walked on the small tree-lined trail within the academy. He narrowed his eyes and did not really bother with the heated gazes shot from around him. Ever since he became the champion of the Qualifying Competition two days ago these kinds of gazes accompanied Xiao Yan. Initially he was a little frustrated. However as more time passed he could only numbly act as though he disregarded them. He had no choice regarding this. After all their eyes were not under his control.
Today was already two days after the Qualifying Competition had concluded. During these two days not only did Xiao Yan fully recover from the injuries he received during the competition but his strength had also completely stabilized at the six star Da Dou Shi level. His condition was such that he was basically always in peak condition. The Dou Qi was circulating unceasingly within his body like flood water causing a comfortable feeling to seep out from all over his body.
According to the rules of the academy the top fifty students of the Qualifying Competition must begin to prepare to enter the Inner Academy within...
Chapter 428: The Mysterious Book Collection Hall
The book shelves were staggered within the brightly lit room. There were all kinds of ancient books placed on the book shelves giving it an exceptional scholarly atmosphere. At this moment there were three people standing in the middle of this room. Behind the table which was in front of them was a white-haired old man who was slowly flipping through the documents in his hands. The entire room was in a silent atmosphere.
The three people standing in the room were two males and one female. If one were to carefully observe them they were actually Bai Shan Wu Hao and Hu Jia who had been beaten by Xiao Yan until they were seriously injured. At this moment Bai Shan and Wu Hao had their eyes lowered. Their faces may still be a little pale but their complexion was much better compared to the day of the competition. On the other hand Hu Jia had her eyes wide open as she looked at the old man flipping through the book. A long while later she stuck out her tongue appearing aggrieved.
After the silent atmosphere continued for nearly ten minutes the Deputy Headmaster Hu Gan finally shifted his eyes away from his book. He said faintly "Don"t count on me to help you vent your anger. This is something...
Chapter 429: The Mysterious Guardians of the Hall
Hu Gan"s voice slowly dissipated from the mountain valley. However there was not the slightest movement from the two gray-robed human figures. It was as though they did not hear him.
Although he saw that there was no reply to his words Hu Gan also did not speak again. He maintained his posture of having his hands cupped together as he waited quietly.
Behind Hu Gan Xiao Yan and the others faced each other after seeing this scene. Even Hu Jia who had a lawless character also wisely kept her mouth shut. She had never been here before but she knew that with Hu Gan"s status in Jia Nan Academy"s Outer Academy there was hardly anyone that could compare with him. However he was now this courteous in front of these two gray-robed human figures. From this one could see just how frightening these two gray-robed human figures guarding the "Book Collection Hall" were. She may be lawless but she was no fool. She knew who she could provoke and who she could not.
In the silence the finger under Xiao Yan"s sleeves suddenly gently rubbed the dark black ancient ring. His drooping eyebrows could not help but knit together. This was because he had discovered that ever since the two mysterious gray-robed people...
Chapter 430: Fighting and Grabbing
When he heard the sound of the main door behind him being tightly shut Xiao Yan"s footsteps paused for a moment. Immediately he once again pulled Xun Er as they walked forward. After five minutes a pale yellow-colored light was transmitted from a spot not too far in front of them. Their footsteps became involuntarily quicker. After a while they finally passed through the dark black tunnel and a brilliant light shot at them causing them to turn their heads away.
The place which appeared in front of both Xiao Yan and Xun Er was an extremely spacious large room. On the walls around the room there were nearly ten energy barriers. At this moment these energy barriers were slowly releasing and pulling back a light glow shining through the entire room until it was like daytime.
Hu Jia and the two others had already arrived at the room. When they heard the sound of footsteps the three of them turned around to take a glance. Hu Jia took a step forward upon seeing the two of them and smilingly said: "Xun Er we can huddle together after we enter the Inner Academy in the future. Although I have never entered the Inner Academy I heard from my grandfather that if one wanted to obtain the best training conditions one must see whose fist is harder. Therefore if we these new students who has just entered...
Chapter 431: Sonic Dou Technique
Within the fiery-red cluster of light in Xiao Yan"s hand was a pale-red scroll. The high temperature was also being emitted from within it. If one"s gaze passed through the glow and scanned across the pale-red scroll within it in detail one would vaguely be able to see a few words on top of it.
"Nine Layer Phoenix Flame Skill Di Class Middle Level."
The simple few words caused Xiao Yan to strain himself and swallow a mouthful of saliva. Di class Middle level. Since Xiao Yan was born until now a Qi Method at this kind of level was the highest level Qi Method he had ever seen. Even if this kind of Qi Method was placed in the "Black-Corner Region" where stolen or smuggled goods from the continent flowed through it would definitely be able to set off a sensation. Countless number of factions would fight over this Qi Method until their heads broke and their blood was spilled. However this Di class Qi Method that had a value which was difficult to determine landed in Xiao Yan"s hand in such an easy manner. It really was somewhat drama like.
Xiao Yan"s palm tossed the extremely light scroll in his hand. His hand however felt a somewhat heavy feeling. Something that he would never imagine getting his hands on in the past was now randomly spat out from this mysterious "Book Collection...
Chapter 432: Lion Tiger Gold Shattering Roar
As the transparent energy cluster was shot out a sharp sound wave turned into substance-like ripples and began to spread in all directions with the energy cluster acting as an epicenter.
Bai Shan and the others were startled at this disturbance which had suddenly appeared. Immediately they swiftly came to an understanding. Each of their expressions were different as they watched that black shadow which Xiao Yan had turned into shooting out wildly.
Under the observation of the few people in the room Xiao Yan unleashed his speed to its limit and appeared in front of the transparent energy cluster within two blinks. His hand was curled slightly like the claws of an eagle as he grabbed at the energy cluster in a lightning-like manner.
Seemingly having sensed Xiao Yan"s actions that energy cluster which was originally shooting forward suddenly paused. It shook immediately and actually began to retreat in order to dodge him.
"Humph." Sensing the nearly conditional reflex-like dodging of the transparent energy cluster Xiao Yan let out a cold laugher. He shook his sleeves and his hand appeared to have been elongated by a section. With a grab of his claw-shaped hand he firmly caught...
Chapter 433: Training
Within the spacious study Hu Gan eyed the wall beside the study which was slowly closing. Only then did he turn and face Xiao Yan and the four others in front of him. He said smilingly: "Alright it can be considered that you all obtained your reward. Rest for the next two days. In two days you will all be entering the Inner Academy. At that time there will be chances for you all to cry bitterly."
Xiao Yan and the others watched Hu Gan"s smiling manner. They exchanged glances with one another before nodding slightly.
"That"s right I will remind you once again that if the new students entering the academy want to avoid being bullied by the older students the only way is for your fist to be harder than theirs. Of course students who can enter the Inner Academy are basically the past top students of the Outer Academy. Their training talent is not weak. Adding this to the unique training methods in the inner academy it is likely going to be a little difficult for you new students who have just entered to catch up to their progress." Hu Gan"s gaze swept across the five of them as he said: "Therefore I advise all of you to try your best to abandon the enmity between each other and cooperate. Otherwise you would suffer quite a bit in the end."
"Don"t tell me that our hands...
Chapter 434: Tiger Roar Shaking The Mountain Forest
The gentle breeze blew over the endless sea of trees causing the branches to sway. The sea of trees were scattered with bursts of green-colored waves that spread out towards the edge of one"s sight.
Within the sea of trees there would occasionally be a silver river-like waterfall present as ornaments. It carried a loud bang as well as a fog rose up and permeated the sky. Under the waterfall the fog was spread over the surface of the lake appearing hazy as though one was in the territory of the immortals.
There a black-robed young man was seated cross-legged on a huge rock on the edge of the lake. His hands formed the training seal and the air around his body fluctuated slightly. Threads of faint energy surfaced and unceasingly poured into the young man"s body.
The clean and transparent lake where one could see the bottom contained the rumbling sound of the waterfall and a dense fog filled the air. It was an artistic scene formed from its special environment. Under this environment the energy which swarmed out from the air surrounding the black-robed young man was also becoming increasingly dense. The young man did not refuse the energy that came to him. His body was like a black hole...
Chapter 435: The Location of The Inner Academy
When Xiao Yan and Xun Er arrived at the deputy headmaster Hu Gan"s study they saw that there were already quite a number of people standing on the empty ground in front of them. These people were divided into quite a number of large and small groups. Each of them softly conversed with a smile. Amongst these groups the three groups consisting of Bai Shan Wu Hao and Hu Jia respectively were the largest.
Xiao Yan"s and Xun Er"s appearance also caused the noisy open ground to become slightly quieter. Other than a small number of people most of the gazes that were used to look at the two of them were filled with respect. In the Qualifying Competition a few days ago Xiao Yan used a tyrannical battle style of one against three to shock and deter all the dissatisfied voices. Therefore his reputation had already faintly surpassed Bai Shan Wu Hao and the others despite having only arrived at the academy less than a month ago.
Xiao Yan and Xun Er directly passed through the human crowd and arrived at an empty spot near the front. They exchanged glances with Bai Shan and the two others. With the exception of Bai Shan Hu Jia and Wu Hao nodded towards them. Their attitudes were clearly much better than...
Chapter 436: Fire Energy Hunting Competition
The vast sea of trees held various different kinds of Magical Beasts within it. Every once in awhile there would be ferocious auras of Magical Beasts shooting out from within the sea of trees in an explosive manner. However when these Magical Beasts entered within a hundred meter radius of the group they would be shocked by the powerful force emitted from the barrier that Hu Gan"s and the three elders created until they warily retreated.
Of course this was not the case for every one of them. As the Magical Beast were widespread in such a concentrated manner within the vast endless mountains there was naturally no shortage of frighteningly powerful creatures . Half an hour after the flying formation began travelling within the mountains behind the academy there were some powerful Magical Beasts who forcefully charged and attacked the Griffin formation in spite of the pressure being released by Hu Gan and the other three people. At this time Hu Gan and the other three old men began to display their shocking strength. Each time they waved their hands powerful blasts of energy shot across the sky like a thunderbolt. Immediately Xiao Yan and the others would hear a muffled sound and the large-sized Magical Beasts suddenly exploded into fresh blood and fell down.
As they flew various kinds of ferocious Magical Beasts swarmed over pouncing from the rear and front. However there wasn"t...
Chapter 437: Snatching
Sporadic sunlight shown between the gaps in the tree cover.
"Hey the few of you actually have the leisure to argue at a time like this?" A faint mocking voice suddenly sounded between the trees.
The five people who were walking suddenly stiffened. They hurriedly raised their heads only to see that five young people descended upon them and stood on tree branches above their heads in an orderly fashion. They each wore a badge which had the appearance of a tower on it on their chest. At this moment the five young men were eyeing the five people below with faces filled with ridicule. That expression was like a cat who had seen a mouse.
"You"re all here to snatch the so-called "Fire Energy" from us right?" A tall and large young man amongst the five people said with a cold smile. For him to be able to rank amongst the top fifty in the Outer Academy of the Jia Nan Academy his strength was naturally not low. He was not too afraid of these young people who were of similar ages to him.
"Smart." A young man on the tree branch who had a snake-like scar on his face let out a clear snap with his fingers. He immediately smilingly...
Chapter 438: Reverse Snatching
The leaves in the quiet dense forest suddenly moved a little. A few human figures flashed out from the tree branches. Their bodies were like agile monkeys as they pressed against the tree trunks and shot forward once again. After a few leaps like this they swiftly disappeared from the edge of the branches.
"Stop!" As the human figure flashed the human figure leading the group suddenly raised his hand vertically. The four human shadows behind him immediately landed on the branches in an extremely agile manner. After which they turned their doubtful gazes towards the black-robed young man.
"What is it?" Hu Jia"s gaze swept around in all directions but did not discover any movement. She could not help but whisper in a somewhat doubtful manner.
"There is someone coming. Let"s hide first." Xiao Yan"s gaze stared intently to his left. His extraordinary Spiritual Perception had gifted him with the outstanding ability to survive in the jungles. He was able to sense movement that others were not able to sense one step ahead of them. On this point it was basically very difficult for him to be involuntarily attacked in this hunting competition.
With the exception of Xun Er Hu Jia and the others were a little stunned when they heard Xiao Yan"s words. They did not sense any presences approaching. However when they eyed Xiao Yan"s expression and recalled his current status as the group leader the three of them could only nod slightly. Immediately the five human figures flashed simultaneously and swiftly fled into a dense thicket below.
Around five minutes after Xiao Yan and the others had hidden themselves there...
Chapter 439: The Use of "Fire Energy"
That pair of fists each contained powerful surging Dou Qi. An instant later they crashed into each other and an underlying force rippled out. Wherever it crossed it acted like a wave that came surging out violently. At that moment all the withered leaves on the ground around the two of them were lifted and drifted all over the place.
"Glug!"
As the two fists came into contact the blue-clothed young man was finally able to genuinely feel just how terrifying the strength contained in Xiao Yan"s fist was. The instant their fists came into contact a numbing feeling began to spread through his arm from his hand. Finally an underlying force that caused people"s expression to change exploded out moving along the point of contact between the fists and transmitted into the blue-clothed young man"s body. Finally it resulted in him spitting out a mouthful of bright red fresh blood.
After spitting out a mouthful of fresh blood the blue-clothed young man"s footsteps hurriedly took a couple of steps back. A ferocious aura swept past his face. He shook his body and a pale blue-colored Dou Qi swiftly swarmed out of his body. After which it formed a blue-colored Dou Qi Armor on the surface of his body. However the moment the Dou Qi Armor had just formed the black shadow once again appeared in front of him like a ghost. A cold laughter was transmitted towards him. Immediately a dazed look rose from the eyes of the blue-clothed young man. Quickly following this an immense pain spread out from his chest. Finally he felt that his body fell and shot backwards before smashing heavily against a tree trunk a moment later. Another mouthful of fresh blood was spat...
Chapter 440: The Switch Between The Hunter And The Hunted
The five new students whose entire bodies were covered in bruises and had traces of blood on the corner of their mouths eyed Xiao Yan"s group with stunned expressions. Only at this moment did they realize what had happened in this sudden turn of events. These fellows were actually snatching the "Fire Energy" from the older students?
The corner of their mouths twitched a couple of times. These five unlucky new students who were robbed by the blue-clothed young man"s group earlier saw that Xiao Yan"s group actually rudely knocked out the five Inner Academy older students after snatching their "Fire Energy." Their expressions were extremely brilliant. Not that long ago they exchanged blows with this group of older students. However after merely just a few exchanges they were completely defeated by these strong older students who had a wealth of battle experience. However now... The group of older students who had been swaggering triumphantly after their previous victory had ended up in a miserable state similar to their own within just two to three minutes of fighting with Xiao Yan"s group. This huge gap really caused these students to feel a little dull.
"They are indeed worthy of being the top five ranked people of the Qualifying...
Chapter 441: Swiftly Growing Coordination
Dou Qi suddenly surged violently within the dense forest. A moment later a human figure slid against the ground as he shot backward before finally smashing heavily into a protruding rock that was on the ground. His face twitched and a trace of blood flowed from the corner of his mouth.
The intense pain that transmitted from his back caused a fierceness and brutalness to flash across this yellow-clothed young man"s eyes. However without waiting for him to act the black shadow in front of him suddenly flashed and stopped. An enormous dark shadow carried the sound of wind being split as it heavily and angrily smashed at the head of the former in front of him.
"Don"t!" The dark shadow pounced in front of him. The terrifying force contained in it finally caused a shock to flash across the yellow-clothed man"s eyes as he cried out involuntarily.
As the voice of the yellow-clothed man sounded the dark shadow that was smashing toward his face suddenly stopped. Even though the dark shadow had stopped extremely punctually the wind that was contained with the swing still passed through the air and ruthlessly caused the yellow-clothed young man"s face to go through an upheaval of changes a couple of times as though it was a water wave. Only then did he recover.
The dark shadow gradually left and an enormous ruler was heavily inserted into the ground in front of the yellow-clothed...
Chapter 442: The Fighting Strength After Forming A Group
"Hei I heard that there is a group of new students in the forest that hunt the older students instead!"
"Ah? That can"t be right? Which group is strong enough to do so? They were actually able to defeat those fellows?"
"Ha ha who else? Of course it"s the strongest group of incoming students."
"Xiao Yan"s group?"
"They have guts! During these two days we the new students were bullied by those bastards in all sorts of ways. Now it"s their turn to taste what it is like to be robbed and beaten. Very good! It really relieves my anger!"
"Ha ha let"s hurry. If we are lucky we might even be able to meet Xiao Yan"s group in the forest. As long as we follow behind them we need not worry about those older students from the Inner Academy!"
Various different kinds of rumors began to spread throughout the forest. By this time the matter regarding Xiao Yan"s group hunting down older students had almost spread throughout the entire forest. Regardless of whether it was the older students or the new student groups they were all stunned by this shocking news.
Not long after this rumor began to spread just when these people had maintained a doubtful attitude four frighteningly gloomy-faced older student groups from the Inner Academy were filled with melancholy and anger as they directly...
Chapter 443: Grand Retaliation
"Chi!"
Xiao Yan smiled a little as he eyed the glow that was emitted from the two Fire Crystal Cards as they were rubbed together. He also smiled at the number on the dark black crystal card which had jumped up once more. Currently his Fire Crystal Card stored a full seventy-four days worth of "Fire Energy" within it. If he were to count it appeared that this amount of "Fire Energy" was sufficient for him to train for over two months in the "Sky Flame Qi Training Tower." This could be considered a plentiful harvest.
"Adding this group we should have collected from five groups by now." Xun Er returned her crystal card properly. She took one glance at the five people who were tied to the tree trunk after they were knocked out and continued happily "Other than the two groups known as the "Black White Evil Stopper" we can still snatch from the other three groups."
"It a pity that this forest is so large. It might become difficult to locate the last three groups within it. Once we expose our whereabouts it is likely that those groups will all hurry over to surround and cut us off. Although our cooperation is much better after those two days of special training we can only handle one group at a time. Two groups would...
Chapter 444: The Fight Between The Strong
Xiao Yan"s group of five sat cross-legged with their eyes shut on the empty forest ground. The entire forest descended into silence. However that somewhat-pressuring low yet deep atmosphere indicated that there was going to be a storm arriving in this place.
The silence continued for an unknown length of time. At a certain moment Xiao Yan who had his eyes tightly shut suddenly opened them. His gaze suddenly swept towards the north side of the forest. More than ten powerful Qis had already appeared within the range of his Spiritual Perception from that location.
"They are coming." Xiao Yan let out a gentle breath. He twisted his body and the vortex in his body trembled slightly. Threads of Dou Qi came flowing out. Finally it became like a flood that was galloping and circulating through his Qi Paths. The feeling of being filled with strength caused Xiao Yan"s condition to rise to the peak just before the arrival of this big battle!
Hearing Xiao Yan"s soft words Xun Er and the four others beside him also opened their eyes. They nodded slightly and a faint Dou Qi glow began to become partially visible on the surface of their bodies waiting for the big fight...
Chapter 445: The Start of The Big Fight
"Bang!"
Six human figures tore through the hinderance of the air in a lightning-like manner in the forest clearing. In an instant they collided in the center and Dou Qi surged out like an erupting volcano permeating through the air. As the Dou Qi collided they formed a strong Dou Qi wind that shattered all the withered leaves on the ground!
Xiao Yan"s opponent was the young man called Su Xiao. His physique was perhaps the most delicate and weakest among the three group leaders. However from the discussion earlier Xiao Yan knew that this fellow should be a little stronger than the other two people. Otherwise with the haughtiness that Leng Bai and Xiu Yan displayed they would not pay much attention to his words. However the two of them did not disagree with the various suggestions of Su Xiao just now. It was like Su Xiao was their leader.
"Chi!"
The large Heavy Xuan Ruler cut through the air as it carried a cluster of black shadows and immense crushing winds like a large mountain pressing down as it smashed heavily down toward Su Xiao who had appeared in front of him.
The enormous ruler was merely half a foot from Su Xiao"s head when the latter"s body gently drifted one step back like a leaf being lifted by a gentle breeze. The enormous ruler merely carried its force past Su Xiao"s body by about half an inch. The...
Chapter 446: Temporary Victor
As the momentary giddiness in his mind disappeared like lightning the heart of Su Xiao who had recovered immediately tightened a little. He clearly knew just what kind of a price he would have to pay for being absent-minded at such a moment.
His expectations were not wrong. With Xiao Yan"s eyesight how would he easily abandon this kind of opening? Therefore the instant Su Xiao recovered Xiao Yan"s feet stepped off the ground and a clear energy explosion sounded from beneath him. The energy attack waves directly shook the ground until a hole around half an inch deep was formed. Xiao Yan borrowed the powerful and violent shooting strength as his body became like a ghost appearing above Su Xiao"s head in a single breath. He tightened his fist. Without any tricks he used this incomparably powerful Dou Qi and strength as his fist ruthlessly smashed toward Su Xiao"s head.
The fist which was usually not very large was like the fist of a giant at this moment. The force contained on it directly cut through the air. A sharp rushing wind sound and a deep low sonic boom merged together. It appeared to have exploded within people"s hearts causing people to be unable to endure the fear...
Chapter 447: The Fisherman Follows After the Fight Between The Sandpiper and The Mussels
TL: Title means that another enemy lurks behind as two groups fight in order to swoop in and capture/take advantage of the losses in both groups
The long lance that paused in front of Leng Bai was not withdrawn. The corner of Bai Shan"s mouth was lifted in a pleased manner when he eyed the somewhat stiff face of his opponent. He turned his head slightly as he lifted his eyes and swept them toward Xiao Yan. When he saw Su Xiao and the three Inner Academy"s older students who had fallen to the side the pride on the corner of his mouth involuntarily gradually dimmed. Some coldness and envy could not help but flash through his eyes. The him who had a haughty character really did not like the feeling of being firmly suppressed by someone. At the Outer Academy in the past he completely deserved being one of the most outstanding people there receiving the respectful gazes of all the students. This type of treatment was suddenly broken apart after the appearance of Xiao Yan. This caused his chest which was not very wide to not feel even the slightest positive feeling toward Xiao Yan.
TL: Chest - Think of it as your tolerance to others
Although he had obtained quite a lot of benefits from following Xiao Yan during this entire journey his heart firmly thought that this was merely...
Chapter 448: Unforeseen Turn of Events
Seeing the five human figures that appeared on the tree the faces of everyone on the empty ground suddenly contorted.
The five people standing on the tree were clad entirely in fancily designed black clothing. If one looked at them from a distance they appeared to be five ink black shadows. The moment the five of them appeared a ferocious Qi that was not the slightest bit hidden seeped out from their bodies. A force that caused the expressions of Xiao Yan and the others to appear pressured covered the entire clearing. It caused them to feel an uncomfortable feeling as though they were being stared at by a wild beast within the forest.
"Sha Tie? You actually followed us here?!" After the five figures appeared the expression of Leng Bai who had his back leaning against a tree trunk to catch his breath morphed. This was especially so after his gaze swept across the the man in the middle whose body was as large as a gorilla"s. He could not help but cry out involuntarily.
"We met a couple of new students on the way and also received the information." That man among the five whose figure was tall and large to the point that it caused others to feel pressure replied...
Chapter 449: Fighting with the Black Demon Group
Xiao Yan"s calm voice reverberated slightly within the forest clearing but it managed to cause the heated blood of the new students standing behind him to boil. Their fighting intent surged out into their chests. Regardless of whether they succeeded or failed as long as they went all out and tried they would at least have a clear conscience. They did not have much "Fire Energy" in their hands and it was nothing even if it was snatched away. Moreover one could not kill in this Hunting Competition. At the very worst they would be thrashed into the ground meaning they would not suffer much.
As they thought in this manner within their hearts the fifteen new students whose breaths were heavy also raised their heads. They fiercely stared at Sha Tie and the other four people on top of the trees no longer having even the slightest hints of fear in their hearts.
"Hee hee you"ve got backbone. Since this is the case let my Black Demon Group try and see just which part of this new student group of yours which has shaken the entire Inner Academy is extraordinary!" Surprise flashed across Sha Tie"s eyes as he eyed Xiao Yan who actually did not have the slightest bit of fear when facing a strong group and even managed to muster up the courage in other people"s...
Chapter 450 - Race Against Time
Sha Tie"s eyes stared intently at the green-colored flame that rose from Xiao Yan"s palm. The instant that the flame had materialized he clearly sensed that the temperature between the trees rose by a lot. His expression immediately became more serious as he looked at Xiao Yan with some astonishment and asked "You are an alchemist?"
In the Dou Qi continent there were only two possibilities for one to be able to summon out an Essence Flame. One was the Fire Seed that an alchemist had obtained from the various different kinds of fire affinity Magical Beasts which he would then refine for his own use.
The other possibility was that a he was a strong person who practiced a fire affinity Dou Qi. However if one wanted to rely just on Dou Qi to agglomerate an Essence Flame one must at least be at the Dou Wang class before they could begin to think about succeeding. Of course nothing was absolute. There were also some people who practiced Dou Qi of the fire affinity and were not alchemists but were able to obtain some strange flames for their own use. Similarly however the requirement placed on the level of one"s strength was extremely harsh. Seeing the current Xiao Yan it was clear that he had not met the requirements of the latter possibilities....
Chapter 451: Reversing The Situation
"Oh!"
The green-clothed young lady who had suddenly appeared beside Wu Hao in the battleground immediately caused the expressions of the spectating injured new students to be filled with a wild joy as they cheered out loudly. Xun Er had defeated her opponent at such a crucial moment and extended her hand to assist Wu Hao. This undoubtedly added a heavy weight to Xiao Yan"s group that was sufficient to tip the scales of this battle.
"Are you alright?" Xun Er carelessly asked as her gaze stared intently at the ugly expression of the "Black Demon Group" member.
"I"m still alright." Wu Hao"s body swayed a little. His expression was pale as he clenched his teeth and said.
"Leave him to me. You should first rest for awhile." Xun Er was able to see the strain that the current Wu Hao was undergoing. She gently spoke these words as the golden glow in her palms grew increasingly powerful and eye-piercing.
"There"s no need. He was seriously wounded after being struck by my palm earlier. Let"s join hands and use the fastest speed to defeat him. Otherwise Hu Jia and the other new students won"t be able to hold out for much longer." Wu Hao inhaled a deep breath of air and...
Chapter 452: Bitter and Angry Sha Tie
In the completely destroyed clearing Hu Jia and the three remaining new students watched as the single remaining member of the "Black Demon Group" was defeated and could not help but heave a long sigh of relief. Their legs immediately lost strength as they collapsed to the ground the sound of them panting like billows echoed repeatedly from their mouths.
Following the defeat of the last member of the "Black Demon Group" with the exception of Sha Tie the spectating students whose nerves were strained finally could no longer endure the excitement and wild joy in their hearts. They ignored the injuries on their bodies as they leaped to their feet and wildly shouted. In an instant various wild shrieks and hollers spread through the air above the empty ground.
Xun Er"s delicate hand wiped the perspiration from her forehead. The golden glow emitted from her body also began to dim. These three rescues had caused some difficulty for her. If it were not for the fact that the Qi Method that she practiced was not a low class method it would have been likely that she would have been like Wu Hao whose combat strength greatly deteriorated as a result of over exhaustion of his Dou Qi.
Xun Er supported herself by leaning...
Chapter 453: Distributing The Spoils Recuperation
Xiao Yan was seated on a rock within the empty clearing. In front of him was a simple wooden table where piles of Fire Crystal Cards were placed orderly. Many of these Fire Crystal Cards had the same number on it.
"2."
Clearly the owners of these Fire Crystal Cards had all unluckily met older students and had their "Fire Energy" stolen from them.
Dozens of new students were seated cross-legged in the empty clearing in front of the table. Although their outer appearances were extremely weary and awkward their eyes were filled with energy. Numerous gazes that carried excitement stared at the pile of Fire Crystal Cards on the table.
On the other side of the empty ground Sha Tie Su Xiao and the others rested against a tree trunk. The expressions on their faces were extremely dispirited. The gazes that they used to look at Xiao Yan on the rock were filled with a certain resentment.
Xiao Yan did not pay much attention to their gazes. His left hand lifted a pale-blue Fire Crystal Card. After which he repeatedly grabbed a black Fire Crystal Card. He rubbed both of them together and as a light was released the number on the black Fire Crystal Card swiftly returned to the number when they had entered the forest. Moreover Xiao Yan added 2 more...
Chapter 454: White Demon Group
This empty area was covered with rocks. When the spreading forest met with this rocky region it ceased expanding. Hence the sunlight that scattered down from the sky did not encounter any obstruction as it poured over the ground. The warmth of the sunlight caused people"s body to feel a warm feeling.
Not far away from this rocky region was a mountain slope which swelled up. There were some boulders of various sizes spread across the mountain slope. At this moment there were quite a number of people either seated or standing above or beside these mountain rocks. These people were quite young around twenty-four to twenty-five years old. Their clothes may be different but all of them wore a tower shaped badge on their chest. Clearly these students were older students from the Inner Academy.
On the other side of the mountain slope there was a platform which was built upon a huge rock. Two old men were seated on this huge rock. They were actually Elder Su and Elder Qing whom Xiao Yan and the others had met before they entered the forest. Seated around them were a couple of middle-aged men with calm auras. Clearly they should people in charge of various affairs within the Inner Academy.
"Hee hee I heard that this batch of new students were extremely arrogant? They actually went and...
Chapter 455: The Final Big Fight!
As the ice-cold word was emitted from Luo Hou"s mouth the entire mountain slope of rocks suddenly became silent. From the ready to fight atmosphere everyone understood clearly in their hearts that it was likely that today"s matter would not end nicely. An intense big fight was inevitable.
Xiao Yan"s gaze stared intently at Luo Hou"s face. A long while later he nodded slightly. That voice of his had also become much more cold "Since Senior Luo Hou is unwilling to let us pass then we can only offend you."
Xiao Yan"s hands slowly held the hilt of the Heavy Xuan Ruler. He immediately and abruptly drew it. A black shadow cut through the air and an intense wind swept away some of the rock fragments in front of him. The ruler was pointed sideways toward the ground. Green-colored Dou Qi surged out from within Xiao Yan"s body. Since the matter had already progressed to such a point they had reached the stage where they could not give up because of any unforeseen change in events. Hence they were left with no choice but to fight!
Following Xiao Yan"s action Dou Qi also began to swiftly swarm out from the bodies of Xun Er and the two others that stood beside him. Waves of powerful force repeatedly rippled out. Their forces locked on Luo Hou who stood in the middle from far away. In order to defeat the enemy one must first defeat their king. The most troublesome person in this "White Demon Group" was this Luo Hou. As long as they defeated him they need not be worried about the others.
"I will block Xiao Yan and the three others. Ye Hao the four of you stop those new students. Do not spread out when you fight. Although there are many new students they don"t know how to cooperate. As long as you firmly hold yourselves together and rely on the merging of your four synergetic Dou Qis you have quite a high chance of victory." A faint white-colored cold air repeatedly seeped from Luo Hou"s body. His gaze glanced at Xiao Yan and the three others before turning to a member of the "White Demon Group" and spoke. His cold sharp eyes could see the weakness of the new students with a single glance.
"Yes!" Hearing this those four members of the "White Demon Group" replied with deep voices. The Dou Qi in their bodies surged and threads of cold air began to be released from their bodies. From the looks of it it appeared that all the members of this "White Demon Group" practiced ice affinity Dou Qi.
Xiao Yan was visibly affected...
Chapter 456: Triumph!
The green-purple fire lotus swiftly expanded in Luo Hou"s eyes. The terrifyingly hot energy which penetrated the air and swept over him caused the cold sweat appearing on his forehead to be vaporized in an instant.
On the ground the dark green grass quickly withered anywhere the fire lotus swept past. Finally the grass turned into black-colored ashes that scattered with the wind.
A horror of being helpless to fight the destructive force quietly rose in Luo Hou"s heart as he sensed it shooting explosively toward him. This kind of energy was really too large. He even had a faint intuition that if he were to be struck head on by that beautiful fire lotus it was likely that he would be turned into nothing more than dust just like the green grass.
Luo Hou"s teeth firmly bit his lips. Blood traces flowed down from his mouth. The pain caused Luo Hou to recover from that helpless state and become a little more alert. His hands held the cold metal rod tightly while his eyes stared intently at the fire lotus which was coming increasingly closer to him. The latter"s nearly lightning-like speed caused him to have nowhere to hide.
Cold air swiftly seeped out from the cold metal rod. However when the cold air appeared it was incinerated by the high temperature that moved...
Chapter 457: Reward
Elder Su"s somewhat old voice slowly reverberated causing all the fights to pause at this moment. Those older students of the Inner Academy on the mountain slope opened their mouths slightly. They wanted to say something but they were unable to say anything.
"Oh!"
The silence outside the forest continued for a while before those unmoving students could no longer resist the wild joy in their hearts. They let out a loud cheer. In their excitement some of the new students did not even care about gender as they hugged the companions who stood beside them. Their five to six days of difficult struggles had finally paid off. How could they not rejoice?
A smile also surfaced on Xiao Yan"s pale-white face as he heard the happy cries that sounded from behind him. He held his chest and softly coughed a couple of times. He turned his head and eyed Xun Er and the other two whose faces were also filled with joy. With a smile he said "Looks like we do not need to hand over the things that we worked hard to come by"
"Xiao Yan ge-ge are you alright?" Xun Er hurriedly took two steps forward when she saw Xiao Yan"s expression. She supported him and asked with heartache.
"It"s...
Chapter 458: Settling In
"Creak."
A wooden door was slowly pushed open. A thread of sunlight passed through the gap and spread out finally forming a narrow and long line of light on the ground.
As the wooden door was completely pushed open the line of light swiftly expanded. Immediately a few human shadows which were pulled by the sunlight until their length was no longer proportional also entered. The leader an old man swept over the spacious small pavilion home smiled and said "Xiao Yan this will be the residence of the four of you in the future."
"Four of us?"
Hearing this Hu Jia who was following behind could not help but be startled. She immediately said in a stunned voice "Elder Su don"t tell me that you want Xun Er and I two girls to stay with these two big men?"
"Ke ke Hu Jia girl this pavilion home is fairly large and there are quite a number of rooms. It is not like we are asking you to sleep in the same bed. What are you so anxious of?" Elder Su smiled and shook his head. His gaze moved over the four of them as he continued "That"s right. You all have another group member right?"
"Uh..." Xiao Yan was a little sluggish when he heard Elder Su"s question. He shrugged...
Chapter 459: New Students Tribute Fee
When Xiao Yan walked out from his room the next morning he saw two human figures flashing and interlocking with one another within the hall of their new pavilion home. Powerful Dou Qi swarmed out from within the bodies of the two of them and rippled throughout the entire hall.
On a chair in one corner of the hall Xun Er was smiling as she watched the two figures. When she heard the sound of footsteps she suddenly turned around and eyed Xiao Yan who was climbing down the stairs. She could not help but hurriedly move forward to greet him. In a gentle voice she smiled and asked "Xiao Yan ge-ge are you awake?"
"Yes." Xiao Yan smiled and nodded. He faced the two people in the hall and asked with a smile "What are those two fellows doing?"
"Perhaps it"s because of this "Hunting Competition." When they were training last night Wu Hao and Hu Jia each advanced to a seven star Da Dou Shi one after the other. They wanted to spar when they woke up in the morning. Hence..." Xun Er covered her mouth and explained with a laugh.
"Oh? They have advanced?"
Xiao Yan lifted his eyebrows when he heard this. He immediately sighed and shook his head. These two fellows were worthy of being the top among...
Chapter 460: Deterrence and Politeness
When they walked out of the pavilion house there was a large road filled with greenery. On both sides of the large road were living quarters for the other new students. Of course compared to the small pavilion house of Xiao Yan"s group theirs were much simpler and more crude. From the looks of it such treatment was not something that everyone would receive.
There was not the slightest shadow of a new student on the road at this moment. It was likely that they had all gathered at the exit. Xiao Yan"s four man group did not dare be slow. Their toes gently pressed on the ground and their bodies turned into wisps of light smoke as they swiftly rushed to the end of the large road.
Around four to five minutes later the swiftly traveling four-man group slowed down. They lifted their heads and eyed the end of the road. They did indeed see a large group of people squeezing together there. Noisy abuses repeatedly rang out.
Xiao Yan waved his hands and lead the three others as they walked closer to the group of people. When the new students that had gathered around this place saw Xiao Yan"s four-man group their faces could not help but become filled with great joy. They had just cheered when they were interrupted by Xiao Yan"s hand gesture. Immediately they hurriedly shut...
u"Chapter 461: Pans Gate"
Xiao Yan sighed in relief as he watched those older students finally disperse. He turned around eyed those repeatedly cheering new students and could not help but smile.
"Senior Xiao Yan this time around it"s all thanks to you." The young man called Atai smiled as he walked forward and voiced his thanks to Xiao Yan.
"All of us are new students. It is only naturally that we help each other out. It is just that I didn"t expect that merely successfully passing through the "Fire Energy Hunting Competition" would actually cause us even more trouble." Xiao Yan shook his head and said somewhat helplessly.
"Ah. That"s right. Such a thing has seldom occurred in past years. Most of the older students have suffered bad treatment back when they entered the Inner Academy. Now that they suddenly see that we this batch of new students actually swaggered through it it is unavoidable that they would feel a little hatred in their hearts. I think that although we have relied on Senior Xiao Yan"s name to frighten off these fellows this time around it is possible that there might be others who will come for us in the future." Atai sighed.
Xiao Yan frowned slightly and softly muttered "Looks like this is not a long term s...
Chapter 462: The Mysterious Black Tower?
"Xiao Yan this "Pan Gate" has just been established and you have already run away. In the many years that I was part of the Law Enforcement Unit this is the first time that I have seen such an irresponsible leader..." Wu Hao complained helplessly to Xiao Yan who was swiftly walking in front of him on this spacious road. After this fellow had confirmed the name of the faction earlier he had thrown the matter of settling the new students to Xun Er and Hu Jia before finding an excuse to slip away.
"They will be able to get it done properly. I only created the effect of gathering people"s hearts. Now that I have already pulled people in I can naturally rely on those two to settle the troublesome matters. It would not be too late for us to show ourselves and take responsibility if someone were to create trouble." Xiao Yan slowed his footsteps and laughed toward Wu Hao. After which he turned his head and eyed the spacious road around him. At this time there would be some older students from the Inner Academy rushing past on the road. However there were not many people who gave much attention to Xiao Yan and Wu Hao. Clearly not all of the older students had heard the name of the leader of this batch of new students.
Wu Hao helplessly shook his head. He then lifted it looked at the the road which extended in all directions and asked "Where are you planning to go?"
"Let"s go to the north to take a look..." Xiao Yan"s finger slowly rubbed the black ring as he lifted his...
Chapter 463: Training Accelerator
Just as Xiao Yan"s feet landed inside the tower"s entrance his entire body suddenly solidified. His delicate and handsome face was like burning charcoal and waves of faint white-colored fog that carried a "chi chi" sound of meat being grilled emitted from within his body.
Beside Xiao Yan Wu Hao who had similarly entered the tower at the same time had a face that was similarly flushed red at this moment. White-colored fog also began to be emitted from his body like a rut.
The two of them stood at the door of the tower without moving. Some of the older students who were entering from behind originally rebuked them. However when they saw Xiao Yan"s and Wu Hao"s situation they immediately stopped the scolding and laughingly said in a gloating manner "Looks like these two should be new students who just entered the Inner Academy. They actually dared to have no defense when they entered the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower" for the first time. Serves them right..."
"Quickly go and inform the Elder in the tower. If they don"t have an Elder supporting them when they enter the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower" for the first time it is likely that they will be disintegrated...
Chapter 464: Shock
In the ancient tower where the light was mild a group of people had gathered around Xiao Yan and Wu Hao whose eyes were tightly shut. Among them they emitted soft laughter and had numerous private conversations.
"Make way make way. Elder Liu is coming through." A cry suddenly sounded from outside the crowd. Immediately the crowd hurriedly split and formed a small path. Within this tower the position of an Elder was the greatest. Whoever dared to offend them would not come to a good end. By just randomly borrowing some of the power of the position to obstruct you he could cause you to have no tears left to cry even if you wanted to.
As the human crowd parted an old man in simple and rough clothes slowly walked in. That smiling gaze of his swept across Xiao Yan"s and Wu Hao"s stiffened and unmoving bodies. He laughed and said "There are really two little fellows who didn"t know the might of the heavens and the earth (overestimate their abilities). They actually did not even bother to first report their initial attempt at entering the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower." This hardship is something that they will suffer unduly."
"Hee hee there are always reckless new students every year who impatiently enter the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower." They deserve to suffer this hardship..." A gloating laughter erupted from the human crowd. Although the training speed within the tower was rather fast it was after all still a little boring. These older students were naturally happy to see the situation in front of them new students entering and providing them some entertainment.
"The...
Chapter 465: Meeting For The First Time
One could only see a faint white fog shrouding the spacious interior of the ancient tower. At the edge of the white fog stood the figure of an old man who was breathing quite heavily.
At this moment Elder Liu"s face was swiftly changing between different colors. At times he was shocked at times he was alarmed appearing extremely wonderful to look at. More than half of the robe he was wearing had also been incinerated. The smell of burned skin came from his hair. From his overall appearance this Elder who possessed quite a high position in the Inner Academy was currently reduced to a miserable state.
At this moment the other older students who had moved aside to dodge the fire within the hall finally recovered from their earlier panic. However by the time they recovered and threw their gazes toward the area where the explosion had erupted from they coincidentally saw the miserable looking Elder Liu. Immediately their hearts which had just recovered were once again reclaimed by a dullness.
There was an extremely strict requirement on one"s strength to be able to become a tower guardian Elder in the Inner Academy. Hence all the the Elders within the tower were...
Chapter 466: Black Hole
Eyeing Han Yue who had actually temporarily placed aside her obsession for cleanliness and shook Xiao Yan"s hand Elder Liu also felt a little stunned. He recovered a moment later and shot a glance at Han Yue with a gaze that had a deeper meaning. He laughed "Xiao Yan ah you should be privileged to be one of the few male students in the Inner Academy who has ever shaken Yue girl"s hand."
"Then I am really honored." Xiao Yan smiled slightly. Although holding that delicate jade-like hand was very comfortable he merely held it in a courteous manner before releasing it and spoke with a smile.
"Junior Xiao Yan under your leadership this year"s new students could be considered to have truly stolen the limelight." Han Yue also withdrew her hand as she softly replied.
"If I had known beforehand that there was going to be such trouble in the future this limelight... it would have been fine even if we didn"t have it." Xiao Yan sighed and spoke with a bitter smile.
"Looks like there are already older students who have gone to find trouble?" Han Yue could not help but be a little surprised when she heard this. She immediately came to an abrupt understanding as she nodded her head. A faint smiling arc appeared at the corner of her mouth.
Xiao Yan helplessly nodded.
"Junior Xiao Yan should know a little about the matters within the Inner Academy right? You...
Chapter 467: The Mysterious Invisible Fire Python
"Hiss hss..."
The unusual sound was like flashing lightning that repeatedly spread and resounded within the black hole. An instant later the somewhat dark environment suddenly brightened. The temperature in the air also rose swiftly. An extremely frightening and ancient aura slowly surfaced from within the black hole. Finally it appeared to be like the lightning which tore open the dark night erupting from the nearly endless profound darkness.
Xiao Yan"s face stiffened as he eyed that exit of the hole. His throat involuntarily rolled once.
At this moment the area that was two meters above the hole had become extremely distorted. Although the space had become extremely distorted one could not see anything using the naked eye. Other than that distorted space and the repeated hissing sound the entire area turned slightly strange because of this scene.
Elder Liu"s face was also extremely solemn. He repeatedly pulled Xiao Yan and stepped back. When his eyes looked at the distorted space fear flashed across them. Although he could not see what exactly was there he had also heard some things after being an Elder in the tower for so many years. Hence he also knew just how...
Chapter 468: Troublesome Matter
Xiao Yan stood just outside the door after exiting the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower." He lifted his head and eyed this mysterious black tower where only the top of it was exposed. He was unable to resist letting out a long breath. For some unknown reason he constantly felt that this black tower was not that simple...
"Hu it is really unexpected... it actually agglomerated a "Fire Spirit" with emotions and intelligence. Tsk tsk. No wonder the Inner Academy is so strict. They even created a "Space Lock" which even an elite Dou Zun would have to use all his might in order to cast..." Just as Xiao Yan was sighing Yao Lao"s surprised voice suddenly sounded in his heart.
Xiao Yan was slightly startled when he heard Yao Lao"s words. His expression did not change as he looked all around him. After which he waved his hand toward Wu Hao who still appeared slightly giddy. After which he turned his body and walked on the path which they had used to travel here earlier.
"What is the "Fire Spirit" that teacher just mentioned?" Xiao Yan walked at a steady pace that was neither fast nor slow along this road lined with trees. Only then did he inquire about this in his heart.
"An alternate life form...
Chapter 469: Wager
There was a large group of people surrounding a certain part of the interior region of the new student residences. Among this crowd there were two groups of people who were facing off as they looked at each other in a covetous manner. One group had more people while the other only had a little more than ten people. However the situation in the place appeared to be one where the smaller group held the advantage.
"Xun Er Hu Jia don"t be stubborn. I have already said that this "Pan Gate" of yours would definitely not be able to rise within the Inner Academy. The new students are essential new blood of the numerous factions in the Inner Academy each year. It is impossible for the factions to sit and watch you hold all the new blood in your hands." The one leading the smaller group was a young man wearing white clothes. His handsome appearance was such that it was extremely easy for him to attract a favorable impression from women. However Xun Er and Hu Jia on the opposite side did not display the slightest favorable impression because of it. Instead they did not hide their expressions of disgust and disdain.
"This is our matter there is no need for you a person who abandons his companions to worry about it." Hu Jia laughed coldly.
"If you don"t have any other matters to deal with please...
Chapter 470: Fighting Fu Ao
Xiao Yan gently patted Xun Er"s head before he slowly turned around. The darkness on his face had swiftly disappeared as he indifferently looked at Fu Ao on the opposite side. He softly asked "Shall we begin?"
"Hei you have courage..."
Seeing that Xiao Yan really dared to fight Fu Ao could not help but shout in a somewhat astonished manner. He immediately laughed "Alright. Today let me see whether this leader of the new students whose name has caused an uproar within the Inner Academy is really as strong as rumored."
Seeing the big battle that was about to begin all the surrounding observing students hurriedly took a few steps back. They had also heard quite a lot of rumors about Xiao Yan. They were naturally extremely happy now that they could judge him with their own eyes.
"I wonder if that Xiao Yan can contend with Fu Ao. If he cannot I"m afraid that he will really lose a great amount of face."
"Hee hee it is rumored that Fu Ao has already advanced into the three star Dou Ling level one month ago. This Xiao Yan may be able to defeat Luo Hou but it is still very difficult and dangerous to fight against Fu Ao."
"If he is careless and loses to Fu Ao he would not only lose face but also lose his own woman... it would be really funny."
Xiao...
Chapter 471: The Strength of The White Gang
The atmosphere was solidified and quiet in this spacious empty ground. One by one numerous gazes stared at the unmoving Fu Ao who lay dozens of meters away. There was a shock that was difficult to hide within their gazes.
This was a three star elite Dou Ling. With Fu Ao"s strength he could enter the top seventy even if placed within the entire Inner Academy. Now however he was defeated by a new student who had just arrived in the Inner Academy no more than five days ago. Moreover this defeat... was actually miserable to such an extent. They thought of how Fu Ao was still acting triumphantly just ten minutes ago only to end up currently lying not far away like a dead dog. This comical scene really caused everyone watching from around him to feel a bizarre feeling.
"*Cough* *cough* *cough*..."
An intense coughing sound suddenly sounded in the empty ground breaking the quiet atmosphere
The heavy ruler in Xiao Yan"s hand made contact with the ground. One of his knees was involuntarily placed on the ground. Some paleness appeared on his delicate and handsome face. Dense amounts of cold sweat repeatedly seeped out from his forehead. Looking from his hurried breathing it...
Chapter 472: Meeting
The atmosphere of the well lit room contained a faint scent of gunpowder. There were over ten people standing around or sitting within this room. At this moment there was some anger on the faces of these people.
"Boss that "Pan"s Gate" really doesn"t know what is good for them. They actually dared to beat up Fu Ao until he is in such a state. If we do not get back at them how will our "White Gang" survive in the Inner Academy in the future?" A man in the room suddenly could not control himself as he slammed his palm on the table and cried out furiously.
"That"s right Boss we cannot let Big Brother Fu Ao just suffer this beating." The voice of that man had just sounded when the remaining people in the room went along with it and demanded uniformly.
A man was leaning on the back of his chair as he was seated on the leader"s seat in the room and his palm fondled his chin. Looking at his appearance there was a faint similarity between him and Bai Shan. It appeared that he should be the leader of the "White Gang" Bai Shan"s older cousin and that strong person who was ranked thirty-fourth on the "Strong Ranking" Bai Cheng.
Bai Cheng ignored the people in the room who were rousing to action as a group. His gaze stopped on a human figure on his...
Chapter 473: Hidden Confrontation
Under everyone"s gazes Bai Cheng"s group slowly walked up to Xiao Yan. The former"s gaze swept over the new students who had quite a strong aura before finally stopping on the faces of Xiao Yan"s four-man group.
Xiao Yan"s eyes were locked onto this man in front of him whose appearance was somewhat similar to Bai Shan. Despite the powerful aura that was emitted from the body of this person Xiao Yan felt no fear in his heart. His pair of eyes were calm without any ripples.
Seeing these groups staring at one another the surrounding crowd could not help but become much quieter. The gazes which they used to look at the groups were filled with all sorts of emotions.
"You are Xiao Yan right? I have frequently heard Bai Shan mentioning you. Now that I see you today your bearing is indeed extraordinary." After exchanging looks with Xiao Yan for a moment the somewhat dark and solemn face Bai Cheng suddenly laughed. He actually extended his hand toward Xiao Yan.
Xiao Yan narrowed his eyes and observed Bai Cheng"s actions. The darkness contained within the other party"s eyes was also captured by his eyes. He laughed softly and extended his hand in full view of everyone before holding Bai Cheng"s hand.
The moment the hands held one...
Chapter 474: Middle Grade Training Room
As they eyed the door of the tower being opened the crowd immediately became noisy. Xiao Yan could only cease his introduction and raised his hands at Han Yue. After which he looked at the increasingly wide gap of the door.
When the door was opened the human crowd outside the tower door suddenly swarmed in much like a flood.
Xiao Yan borrowed the advantage of a large group of people as he squeezed into the crowd and rushed into the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower."
After entering the tower Han Yue brought those few ladies that were with her and parted ways with Xiao Yan since their paths were different. Before she left she reminded Xiao Yan to pay more attention to every action of the "White Gang."
Xiao Yan naturally accepted Han Yue"s good intention in his heart. After watching their backs until they disappeared from his sight he turned to the members of "Pan"s Gate." Before entering the tower earlier he had told them that they needed to be careful of their first grilling by the "Heart Flame." Moreover he also told them the secret of how to correctly resolve the Heart Flame. Therefore there was no excessively strange phenomenons occurring other than the bodies of the new students becoming stiff as their eyes tightly...
Chapter 475: Refinement
There was only the long lasting and calm sound of heartbeats slowly reverberating within his quiet and lonely space. After entering the training condition Xiao Yan"s ability to sense the surrounding natural energy became even sharper. He could feel the hot energy within this training room which was so rich that it left one speechless. When training in this kind of place people who practiced a fire affinity Qi Method would undoubtedly obtain an even more notable effect compared to the others.
"Pu..."
Xiao Yan"s spirit became even more quiet. Suddenly a low and slight sound appeared. Immediately a cluster of seemingly invisible fire seedling that contained a strange undulation appeared at a spot not far away from Xiao Yan"s heart without any forewarning. Threads of warmth were being emitted grilling the interior of Xiao Yan"s body until it was steaming hot.
Xiao Yan mind focused on that wisp of invisible flame. He once again felt a fear due to the elusiveness of the "Fallen Heart Flame." Even though he was currently in an extremely prepared condition he still did not sense just how this wisp of flame had appeared...
Xiao Yan sighed quietly in his heart. He stared intently at this wisp of flame seedling. The current cluster...
Chapter 476: Second Level
After Xiao Yan walked out of the training room he realized that the entire tower was in an extremely busy situation. People were coming and going perhaps as a result of the gong. Quite a number of doors to various training rooms which were tightly shut when he arrived were currently all open. A large group of people swarmed out and swiftly walked to the exit of the tower. Xiao Yan could see a faint red glow in the eyes of all of these people.
Xiao Yan hesitated a little as he stood outside the training room. After which he squeezed into the human flow and swiftly walked toward the middle section of the tower. The tunnel to the next level should be around there. It was obvious that one can only have a short one day stay on this first level. It appeared that he needed to go down a couple of levels if he wanted to continue training.
Xiao Yan followed the human flow as he squeezed and moved. His body agilely rushed forward in an extremely small range. This continued for less than ten minutes when the human flow blocking in front of him gradually became thinner. He turned his body and completely squeezed out of the human crowd.
A sigh of relief was released in Xiao Yan"s heart as he felt...
Chapter 477: Exploration and Meeting
Xiao Yan walked along the spiral-shaped staircase for around five minutes before the sight in front of him suddenly became spacious. His body once again turned around a corner and another spacious level within the tower appeared in his sight.
The size of the second level of the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower" did not differ much from the first level. However compared to the first level it appeared a little more desolate. Moreover it did not contain the congested feeling of the first level. Although there were small groups of students who were repeatedly walking past it was undoubtedly much better compared to the the situation in the first level where even walking was difficult.
Xiao Yan"s appearance caused the students who had come out from the surrounding training rooms to get a temporary rest to feel somewhat strange. However there was not much commotion. Everyone"s gaze shifted away after they swept over Xiao Yan"s body. They talked privately among themselves appearing doubtful about why Xiao Yan was still able to come down at this time.
Xiao Yan withdrew his gaze that was sweeping all around him. He was not too concerned about the gazes around him. He walked slowly and headed to the second level within...
Chapter 478: Seven Star Da Dou Shi
The invisible flame soared and burned within Xiao Yan"s heart. Threads of Dou Qi swarmed out unceasingly from the Dou Crystal. After which they passed through the refinement of the flame and once again returned to the Dou Crystal within the vortex.
Under this perfect cycle the Dou Crystal which was originally only the size of a thumb was already nearing the size of a pigeon egg. Moreover the glow that was contained on the surface of it was becoming increasingly bright...
This change of the Dou Crystal naturally did not escape Xiao Yan attention. Since he was in a training state he was not too certain just how long he had trained this time around. However from looking at the powerful Dou Qi contained within the Dou Crystal it appeared that he had already reached the peak of a six star Da Dou Shi. Perhaps he would be able to truly enter the seven star Da Dou Shi level very soon!
The Heart Flame rose endlessly near his heart providing Xiao Yan with inexhaustible refining energy. All the cycles currently in Xiao Yan"s body were basically in a sort of an automatic process after having...
Chapter 479: The Changes of Pan"s Gate
The warm sunlight scattered down as Xiao Yan walked out of the tower causing Xiao Yan who had stayed in the tower for a full five days to have an impulse to simply lie down and not move. He covered his face with his hand and gazed at the blue sky through the gap between his fingers. He involuntarily inhaled a deep breath of fresh air with all his might. Although training in the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower" was able to let one train at a faster pace that kind of dullness caused people"s hearts to be far too depressed.
The Inner Academy had also thought of this point which was why the light within the tower was made such that it was warm but not gloomy. However no matter what was done the tower was ultimately a tower. No matter how sufficient the light was within the tower it would still feel like a cage-like area in anyone"s eyes. Only by looking at the vast sky outside would one be able to feel one"s emotions opene up.
"No wonder the Inner Academy tries to think of all ways to prohibit students from staying in the tower for too long. By staying for a long time a deformity might really form in one"s mentality..." Xiao Yan quietly muttered. Only then did he move his feet and walk along the path that slowly headed for the...
Chapter 480: Tou She Ancient God"s Jade?
Seeing Xiao Yan stunned as well as astonished manner Ling Ying smiled and nodded. He bowed slightly toward Xun Er. "Young Lady (Young Lady)!"
Xiao Yan gradually recovered from his dumbfoundedness. When he heard the manner in which Ling Ying addressed Xun Er his gaze involuntarily turned toward the latter. There was some relief in his eyes as he frowned slightly and said "The both of you..."
"Ke ke Young Master Xiao Yan. Around less than half a year after you have left Wu Tan City I obeyed Young Lady"s dispatch and arrived at the Jia Ma Empire. I went to search for your traces and to quietly protect you along the way." Ling Ying smiled and explained "You should not blame Young Lady for making her own decision to intervene in your matter. It is just that the you then was alone and weak. It was extremely dangerous to venture out into the Jia Ma Empire alone. After arriving at the Jia Nan AcademyYoung Lady was really worried. Hence she got me to quietly go and protect you."
"Originally I was the final protection that the Clan Head arranged for Young Lady. During that period of time that I was not around her was perhaps the period of time when Young Lady"s protection was at its weakest. Now you may perhaps vaguely know how enormous the faction behind Young Lady is. Hence there are quite a number of people who have...
Chapter 481: Tou She Ancient Emperor
Tou She Ancient Emperor"s Jade?
Xiao Yan frowned slightly when he heard these strange words that came out from Xiao Yan"s mouth and saw the stunned expression on her face. His hand tightly held the cool mysterious ancient jade and said "You recognize this thing?"
Xun Er inhaled a deep breath of cool air. Her expression was changing rapidly. It was a long while later before she clenched her teeth and swiftly walked to Xiao Yan"s side. She said softly "Xiao Yan ge-ge. Where did you get this from?"
"When the entire clan was moved the Elders gave me to keep it safe." Xiao Yan eyed Xun Er"s strange expression and his frown deepened a little. He asked in a deep voice "What is it?"
"So it is this thing... the portion of the key which the Xiao clan holds is actually the Tou She Ancient Emperor"s Jade..." Xun Er"s gazed stared intently at the ancient jade in Xiao Yan"s hand. A thought in her heart swiftly surged and rolled like flood water. A moment later she slowly closed her eyes before immediately opening them. The shock in her eyes gradually became calm when she did so.
"Xiao Yan ge-ge do not take this Tou She Ancient Emperor"s Jade...
Chapter 482: Green Wood Celestial Vine
When Xiao Yan came out of his room the next day he coincidentally saw Hu Jia and Wu Hao who had returned. Hu Jia was little different from her usual self but Wu Hao"s appearance was a little ugly. His face carried little bruises. Despite carrying many injuries on his face this fighting lunatic appears to have an excited and fanatic expression. When Xiao Yan observed his manner he saw that there was faintly a little extra aggressiveness and sharpness to it. Clearly having muddled along at the Fighting Arena for these few days had caused this fellow to gain something.
"Xiao Yan your level actually advanced?"
When the two of them saw Xiao Yan and sensed his aura that was more mellow and stronger than a couple of days ago the both of them involuntarily asked in surprise.
Xiao Yan nodded. He stopped n the hall and smiled as he asked Wu Hao "How is the Fighting Arena?"
"There are many strong people. Moreover they are the kind of strong people who were honed in true battles. They are far from what those people in the Outer Academy who only know how to train can compare with. I was there for four days and fought eight rounds winning three and losing five. In the end I still lost nearly twenty days of "Fire...
Chapter 483: Strange Fellow
Xiao Yan suppressed the joy within his heart and squeezed out of the human flow. He slowly walked toward this somewhat special stone table. Upon seeing his action the surrounding human flow involuntarily halted their footsteps. The gazes which they used to look at Xiao Yan appeared to contract a playfulness of watching the fun.
Xiao Yan"s footsteps stopped in front of the stone platform. His eyes shot to that Green Wood Celestial Vine. After hesitating for a moment his hand extended toward it.
"Chi..."
Just as Xiao Yan"s hand was about to touch that Green Wood Celestial Vine a sharp wind suddenly rushed through the air toward him. The strength of the wind even caused the hair on Xiao Yan"s hand to stand up in shock.
Xiao Yan knit his eyebrows as he sensed the sharpness of the force. A thought passed through his heart and green-colored flame immediately surged out from within the Acceptance Spirit. After which it swiftly moved passed a few Qi Paths before it suddenly broke free from his body and swiftly wrapped around his withdrawing hand.
"Huh?"
The instant Xiao Yan"s hand was wrapped by the green-colored flame a surprised exclamation suddenly sounded. That sharp wind was immediately annihilated.
After...
Chapter 484: A deal
The shock on the gray-clothed man"s face continued for quite awhile before it slowly became fainter. He coldly looked at Xiao Yan and questioned "Why should I believe that you have such ability? I once let quite a number of elites within the Alchemist Department check out the Fire Poison within my body but all of them said it is not possible to dispel it. On what basis can you do it?"
"The depth in which you are afflicted with the Fire Poison is indeed the first time I have seen such a case." Xiao Yan glanced at the face of the gray-clothed man where fury had once again surfaced. He continued on indifferently "However do you have any other choice now? Perhaps you yourself might have already sensed that the Fire Poison is currently quietly eroding your sense of reasoning. If it continues like this for a long time I"m afraid that you might become a powderkeg that will explode at the slightest contact."
The expression of the gray-clothed man changed slightly. These words of Xiao Yan had indeed hit the deepest part of his heart. The man hesitated for a moment before he tightened his fist and slowly turned it away from Xiao Yan"s front. He said in a deep voice "Who exactly are you? If you really have the confidence to expel the Fire Poison in my body you should likely not be a nobody."
"New student Xiao Yan." Xiao Yan smiled...
Chapter 485: Green Ganoderma Fire Spirit Ointment Swift Wind Spirit Pill
After parting ways with Lin Yan Xiao Yan hurried to the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower" located on the northern side of the Inner Academy. The doors to the tower had long been opened by this time. Thus it saved him some waiting time.
Xiao Yan did not stay in the first level for long after he entered the tower. Instead he directly went to the second level. Perhaps it was because there were more people training during the day but all the high and middle grade training rooms in the second level were occupied by others. Seeing this Xiao Yan who originally intended to head directly to the third level mused for a moment and randomly searched for a small-sized low grade training room.
This low grade training room which Xiao Yan had found was the smallest kind of size. It could only accommodate one person within it. Moreover from the looks of the dust that had accumulated within the training room it was obvious that it belonged to the category of those rooms which people seldom used. After all the Heart Flame within this kind of training room could not even be compared with some of the middle grade training rooms on the first level. Therefore an ordinary person would not purposefully...
Chapter 486: Retreat
Xiao Yan clearly sensed his surroundings suddenly become much quieter after entering the third level. He lifted his head and eyed the pathway which was somewhat deserted when compared to the second level. He suddenly came to an understanding. It appeared that there was still only a small portion of students within the Inner Academy who had the qualification to enter the third level.
If one were to say that the students training on the first and second levels belonged to the basic level of the Inner Academy the third and fourth levels should belong to those whose strength were at the middle level. The potential of this group of students was extremely great. They could become a member at the peak at any time. As for the students who could enter the fifth and sixth level they were mostly people who had stepped into the peak level within the Inner Academy. They were a group of strong people who were most respected within the Inner Academy.
As this thought flashed across his heart Xiao Yan had some gauge of his strength. He laughed bitterly. The strong people were indeed as numerous as clouds within the Inner Academy... Xiao Yan sighed in this manner within his heart. His gaze swept in all...
Chapter 487: Trouble That Knocks On The Door
A half-naked young man within the spacious training room had his eyes tightly shut. Dark-red energy circled and flew by finally violently crashing against his naked body. It immediately disappeared in a strange manner.
The green-colored Dou Qi that was within the spacious Qi Paths in his body was like a car whizzing past on an expressway. Under the focus of his mind it carried a low humming sound that repeatedly reverberated and spread within his body.
After consuming the Swift Wind Spirit Pill the circulating speed of the Dou Qi in Xiao Yan"s body was basically increased by nearly three to four times at this moment. Waves of green-colored powerful Dou Qi shot out from the Dou Crystal. They ran quickly through the Qi Paths with strange muffled sounds.
Due to the fast rate of circulation the cycle within Xiao Yan"s body eventually achieved a stage where the start and the end were connected. Dou Qi had just left the Dou Crystal from one side when Dou Qi that had been refined by the Heart Flame poured turbulently back into it on the other side.
Moreover other than the Dou Qi that the Dou Crystal emitted...
Chapter 488: Liu Fei
Under Xiao Yan"s cold and indifferent words Liu Fei"s expression gradually became ugly. Letting the Inner Academy construct a training room just for her? If these words were to be spread it was likely that a large group of people would laugh to death. With the Jia Nan Academy"s position in the Dou Qi continent forget about her being only a student that could be considered to have outstanding talent even her older cousin brother Liu Qing who could be considered to be quite renowned within the Inner Academy did not possess such a qualification. Therefore these words that Xiao Yan had spoken were undoubtedly full of ridicule directed at her.
The entire area had become quiet under Xiao Yan"s words. There was a secretly surging pressure of a storm in the atmosphere covering the area outside this training room.
Lei Na by the side had also recovered from Xiao Yan"s words. His expression immediately became so dark and solemn that it was frightening. His gaze stared intently at Xiao Yan while his somewhat hoarse voice containing suppressed anger shouted "Brat you"ve got guts!"
"Don"t you know the rules? Before you issue a challenge you must press the challenge bell outside the training room. Are you trying to show that your strength is great by using your might to knock...
Chapter 489: Elder He
Xiao Yan"s face was cold and indifferent. The green-purple fire lotus in his hand ruthlessly smashed toward the shocked and horrified face belonging to Lei Na. From the looks of the ferocious force it was evident that the former did not have any intention of showing mercy.
"Stop!"
However just as the fire lotus was merely around two feet from Lei Na an old low cry was suddenly transmitted from a distance. Since the strength of the Dou Qi contained in the cry was strong it resulted in the eardrums of the students in this area to be shaken until they felt a pain.
Xiao Yan"s face changed slightly when he heard the cry. A thought swiftly flashed across his heart. Xiao Yan forcefully stilled his vicious smashing hand in mid-air. Even though this was the case the high temperature on the fire lotus still incinerated Lei Na"s hair into a pile of ashes in an instant.
"Chi!"
The moment that Xiao Yan"s palm came to a stop an extremely powerful force abruptly flashed over from the mid-air. However it was not directed toward Xiao Yan. Instead it heavily shot onto Lei Na"s body. Immediately under this ferocious force Lei Na"s body was like a kite with its string severed. He rolled a couple of times in mid-air before heavily smashing into the wall. Immediately he spat out a mouthful...
Chapter 490: Progress of Training
Xiao Yan leaned his back against the door after he entered the training room. His originally sleek red face had suddenly become much paler. The "Swift Wind Spirit Pill" that he had consumed before his training had caused the Dou Qi to increase its circulating intensity for a short period of time. However after his training was interrupted the side effect of the "Swift Wind Spirit Pill" had appeared. The slowly circulating Dou Qi in his body caused Xiao Yan to have a weak feeling flowing all over his body. Earlier one of the reasons that Xiao Yan had resorted to the "Angry Buddha Lotus Flame" when exchanging blows with Lei Na earlier was to use it to show his might and deter others. The other hidden reason was that the weak Dou Qi in his body was insufficient to allow him to hold out for too long against Lei Na"s hands.
Xiao Yan glanced at his shattered robe and sighed gently. He could not help but feel some lingering fear in his heart. If Lei Na"s attack earlier was a little faster it was likely Xiao Yan would be forced to reveal an opening and would end up being seriously injured. Fortunately the appearance of the "Angry Buddha Lotus Flame" had caused Lei Na to first lose his fighting spirit. The deterrent effect...
Chapter 491: Breaking Through Once Again
The students who had the qualifications to enter the fourth level of the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower" to train could basically be considered the top among the Inner Academy. Being unworthy of this level the current Xiao Yan did not act so mightily like he did in the third level. Hence after he entered the fourth level he first settled the most important matter of filling his belly before choosing a middle grade training room to continue his important task of his retreat.
Although the effect of training in the middle grade training room on the fourth level could not compare with that of a high grade one if one was to compare the degree of power of the Heart Flame it was much stronger than that obtained by training in the high grade training room on the third level. From the perspective of the current Xiao Yan it was just suitable. His training would also not be frequently interrupted because of people trying to snatch a high grade training room.
After finding an empty training room Xiao Yan once again took out the medicinal cauldron and refined some "Green Ganoderma Fire Spirit Ointment" and "Swift Wind Spirit Pill." During the seven days of retreat he had...
Chapter 492: Tyrant Spear Liu Qing
Xiao Yan eyed the lush green color outside as he walked out of the tower"s door. He felt the warm sunlight that scattered down from the sky and involuntarily had an introspective feeling. He opened both his arms before he suddenly laughed bitterly. It was really unexpected that this retreat which was not even a month long nearly caused his mind to be overly sensitive.
Since the Heavy Xuan Ruler had basically become Xiao Yan"s signature item at this moment he did not frequently carry it on him in order to save some trouble. Although it would affect his training this way it also caused Xiao Yan to have much less of a need to worry.
Xiao Yan followed the road and walked for nearly half an hour before he returned to the new student residence area of "Pan"s Gate." He eyed those guards standing as straight as a pen at the entrance and involuntarily praised quietly. It was really indeed as Xun Er had said. This "Pan"s Gate" was basically undergoing changes like day and night. By observing the aura of just these few guards of "Pan"s Gate" it was likely that they were all around the peak of the Dou Shi class. Clearly quite a number of members of "Pan"s Gate" were training within the "Blazing...
Chapter 493: Earning Fire Energy
Xiao Yan carefully observed the expression of Lin Yan in front of him within the room. When he discovered that the red glow in his eyes was much better compared to back then he nodded slightly and softly spoke "Looks like the consumption of the "Ice Spirit Pill" and the external application of the "Marrow Washing Cold Spirit Liquid" have an extremely notable results with the removal of this "Fire Poison.""
"Yes it is indeed very effective. Each time after I train in the water in which one drop of "Marrow Washing Cold Spirit Liquid" is placed that water would turn as red as blood. Moreover I also sensed the Fire Poison in my body swiftly becoming weaker." Lin Yan"s face was filled with excitement. This problem which had worried him for a long while could finally be completely cured now. This was undoubtedly extremely good news for him.
"I think that if you use these medicines the way they should be used for another month the Fire Poison in your body should be completely expelled." Xiao Yan smiled and took out a bottle of "Ice Spirit Pill" and "Marrow Washing Cold Spirit Liquid." These medicines were completely refined by him while he was in his retreat. Hence he saved the trouble of refining them again at this moment.
Lin Yan snatched the two bottles...
Chapter 494: Refining In Bulk
The next morning the entire "Pan"s Gate" began to operate like a machine. Early in the morning Xun Er and the other two brought some people out of the new student area. After which they rushed about the entire Inner Academy purchasing the medicinal ingredients on the list Xiao Yan had given to them from all over the place.
After being busy for nearly an entire day the group of them finally brought back excitement and fatigue as they hurried to the new student area.
Xiao Yan eyed the large pile of medicinal ingredients in front of him in a quiet secret room in the small pavilion home. He saw the tiredness that remained on the faces of Xun Er and the other two. He involuntarily said with a gently smile "You have worked hard."
"These medicinal ingredients spent a total of one hundred eighty plus days of "Fire Energy." Originally the four of us were unable to scrape together these "Fire Energy." However Atai and the other members of "Pan"s Gate" took the initiative to donate and supplement a little. Now these medicinal ingredients are basically all the remaining property of "Pan Gate."" Xun Er sighed.
Xiao Yan quietly nodded. He was slightly moved as he said "You can rest assured. Remember the "Fire Energy" that Atai and the rest donated will be rewarded. Once the medicinal pills are successfully sold...
Chapter 495: Plentiful Gains
The sky had gradually become dark by the time Xiao Yan had woken from his deep sleep. The setting sun descending in the west scattered the pale-red light into the window forming a dense light spot on the ground.
Xiao Yan sat up in the chair and eyed the blanket that covered his body. His heart felt a slight warmth. He stood up and walked a little to move his body a little. After having slept until he was satisfied the earlier tiredness had vanished. Replacing it was a face filled with energy.
"Creak..."
While Xiao Yan was walking back and forth the door was suddenly gently pushed open. A human head was carefully extended inside. Upon seeing that Xiao Yan had woken up he finally sighed in relief. He laughed and said "Chief you can really sleep. You have slept all the way from morning to night."
"Ke ke so it"s Atai." Xiao Yan could not help but laugh softly when he saw the person who stuck his head out. He beckoned with his hand to ask the latter to come in and smiled as he asked "Has Xun Er and the others not returned yet?"
"Ke ke that"s right. Senior Xun Er and the others brought nearly everyone away from "Pan"s Gate." Looking at the time however they should be back soon." Atai rubbed his head and smiled as he ...
Chapter 496: Conflict
Xiao Yan eyed the number that had reached a high of three hundred forty-eight on his green Fire Crystal Card within the large hall. He was involuntarily a little absent-minded and was filled with emotions. Now that they had this route of selling medicinal pills the matter of being frustrated and distressed over "Fire Energy" could be considered to have been thrown far behind him.
At this moment Xun Er Hu Jia and Wu Hao were also seated in the large hall. After two days of selling medicinal pills their medicinal pills had also gained some reputation. Therefore the current "Pan"s Gate" could be considered to have gradually got on track. Therefore they did not need to personally show their faces during the sale. Instead they simply just announced a specific selling place and let the members of "Pan"s Gate" wait there. All they needed to do was wait to collect the "Fire Energy" at the end.
Seeing Xiao Yan"s emotional manner Xun Er laughed softly "Although selling medicinal pills is indeed very lucrative if we did not have Xiao Yan ge-ge"s speed and success rate in refining medicinal pills we would also be unable to achieve our current success. I have heard that even with the entire "Medicine Gang" refining pills...
Chapter 497: Han Xian of the Medicine Gang
Not far from the entrance of the "White Gang" was a spacious open area. At this moment this open space that was empty for a long time was being surrounded by a crowd that came from every direction until it was bustling.
Numerous gazes that contained various emotions were emitted from the crowd. There were also numerous private whispers eyeing the people from the two groups which were facing off against each other.
One of the two groups present in the open ground had more people than the other. There were at least forty to fifty people clustered together. Just this imposing presence without mentioning any other thing was sufficient to let others feel surprise. The other side on the other hand had fewer people. From a rough count they had around thirty people. However regardless of whether it was in terms of aura or their expression these thirty plus people did not show any sign of being frightened just because the other side had more people. Instead each of them was more arrogant than the other. The intention to provoke within their eyes was extremely rich.
"Xiao Yan are you thinking of giving the "White Gang" a blow by leading so many people over today?" Bai Cheng hugged his arms and laughed mockingly at Xiao Yan from the leader"s spot in front of the "White Gang." Behind him stood Bai Shan Fu Ao and the...
Chapter 498: Compete
"Suggestion? What suggestion?"
Han Xian was startled for quite awhile upon hearing these words of Xiao Yan. It appeared that it was totally beyond the former"s expectations. It was a long while later before he asked in a somewhat cautious manner.
"Since all of us are Alchemists it does not really suit our status for us to fight openly with real weapons like ordinary people... Therefore if Senior Han Xian has the ability we can use the Alchemist"s method of doing things and have a showdown. If I lose "Pan"s Gate" will not even be slightly involved in the sale of medicinal pills. However if you are to lose please withdraw all the covert things. How about it?" Xiao Yan flicked his sleeves looked directly at Han Xian and laughed clearly
"You want to compete with me in terms of refining pills?" Han Xian was once again startled as he involuntarily mocked. His pill refining skills could be considered among the top not just within the entire Inner Academy but even within the entire Alchemist Department. The rank of a tier four alchemist was sufficient for him to look down upon the alchemists in a similar age group as him.
"Of course if Senior Han Xian likes to use Dou Qi to compete I will also not reject." The corner of Xiao Yan"s...
Chapter 499: The Competition Topic : Dragon Strength Pill
Under the countless gazes in the audience the two human figures in the arena stood and raised their heads proudly. They straightened their bodies as they set off different auras. It was clear that they both had an imposing presence. The eyes of quite a number of females of the Inner Academy in the audience flickered slightly.
Elder Hao was wearing plain clothes as he stood between Xiao Yan and Han Xian. Although his hair was white his other aspects had a sturdiness that did not lose to a young person. He may possess a smile on his face due to the atmosphere today on a face with some wrinkles but from the looks of the faint sharpness in his eyes this Elder Hao really did give off the impartial feeling that Lin Yan had mentioned.
As Elder Hao coughed softly once again his voice which contained powerful Dou Qi suppressed the voices in the entire stadium. His gaze looked over the entire stadium before he took out a slightly yellowed ancient scroll from his storage ring in a slow but orderly manner. He smiled faintly and said "The old me has always had great interest in the refining of pills. However due to the harsh conditions of an alchemist I could only quietly give it up. Today I...
Chapter 500: Illusionary Golden Flame
The moment Elder Hao announced that the match had begun the gazes of the entire stadium suddenly turned toward the two people behind the cauldrons. The noisiness had also gradually become much quieter.
Xiao Yan"s gaze slowly but carefully swept across the medicinal ingredients on the stone table. Upon realizing that there was nothing missing he finally nodded slightly and waved his hand. A dark red medicinal cauldron appeared on the stone table in front of him.
The medicinal cauldron which Xiao Yan was using was not some high grade item. Moreover he had used it too many times during this recent period of time. Hence it resulted in the color on the surface of the medicinal cauldron appearing slightly dimmer. At a glance it was seemed like a normal stove.
"Che..." Xiao Yan"s medicinal cauldron had just appeared when Han Xian who had been looking over from the side not far away could not resist laughing out loud. He quietly shook his head and said with a laugh in his heart "Looks like I have overestimated this fellow a little..." In the Alchemist world a good medicinal cauldron was like a sharp weapon in the hands of a warrior; it could enable one"s refining success to increase greatly. Now that Han Xian saw that the medicinal cauldron Xiao Yan was using was actually this worn-out there was naturally some disdain in his heart.
After the words in Han Xian"s heart appeared he also waved his hand. Immediately a medicinal cauldron...
Chapter 501: Half Finished Product
Han Xian"s expression clearly became much uglier when he heard the laughter that sounded in the stadium. A snort that suppressed his anger was emitted from his throat. His eyes stared at the golden-colored flame still rising in the medicinal cauldron. Once again his palm swiftly grabbed the medicinal ingredients on the stone table and threw them into the medicinal cauldron.
This time around Han Xian clearly paid much more attention compared to earlier. However his mind had similarly formed some ripples because of his first failure.
Xiao Yan on the other side had completely shut his eyes at this moment. He did not make even the slightest movement from Han Xian"s action. When they saw his strange manner the crowd in the stadium involuntarily became a little astonished.
In the arena the medicinal ingredients on the stone table were thrown into the medicinal cauldron one at a time by Han Xian. This time around he clearly managed to progress further than before. Under his attentive focus he had refined over twenty medicinal ingredients within a short five minutes. Seeing that his condition this time around was this good those members of the "Medicine Gang" which had come to cheer for him could not help but applaud...
Chapter 502: Fortunate Not to Fail One"s Expectations
Translated By: Arron
Edited By: Comfortabull
Following the completion of Han Xian"s refinement some private conversations involuntarily sounded within the stadium.
"Has that fellow successfully refined it?" Wu Hao was extremely familiar with combat but he totally knew nothing about refining pills. When he saw Han Xian walk away from the stone table and hand over the medicinal pill in his hand to Elder Hao his eyebrows were involuntarily knit together.
"I don"t think so. It is rumored that when a tier five medicinal pill takes shape there would be some unusual phenomenons. However other than a wave of ordinary medicinal fragrance earlier not even the slightest unusual phenomenon occurred. Moreover the expression of that Elder Hao does not appear to be that of someone who has just seen a tier five medicinal pill." Xun Er mused for a moment before shaking her head slightly as she softly spoke.
Wu Hao and the rest at the side nodded slightly when they heard Xun Er"s analysis. They lifted their gazes and turned their attention toward Xiao Yan who was still pouring all his attention into the refinement. They spoke softly "However even if Han Xian did not successfully refine it he does at least have something to hand over. If Xiao Yan"s hands still remain empty like earlier the victory would still go to Han Xian even if the both of them eventually fail in the refinement."
"Just pray that Xiao Yan ge-ge can successfully refine it." Xun Er laughed bitterly. At this moment she could only speak in such a comforting manner. Xiao Yan appeared to be...
Chapter 503: Victory
The entire stadium descended into silence because of the dark-red medicinal pill that lay quietly in the hands of the black-robed young man. A long while later the silence was finally broken by a furious voice. One could see Han Xian swiftly walking over to where Xiao Yan was. His reddened eyes were just like a gambler who had lost until he was bankrupt "Impossible there is definitely some fraud. This fellow must have used the opportunity of the rising white fog earlier to cheat!"
When they heard Han Xian furious roar after losing himself not only did most of the people in the stadium frown but displeasure also quickly flashed across Elder Hao"s face. Xiao Yan had refined under his very eyes. If one said that Xiao Yan had cheated did that not mean that person was mocking him saying his old eyes were muddled.
"Student Han Xian. Please pay attention to your words. It is not up to you to decide whether it is fair." Elder Hao coldly glanced at Han Xian as he cried out.
Hearing Elder Hao snap at him Han Xian finally recovered from the state where he lost himself. He hurriedly bowed and apologized when he saw the displeasure on the former"s face. He clearly understood just what kind of power these Elders had...
Chapter 504: Recruitment
Three days had passed since the pill refining competition. During these three days Xiao Yan"s amazing and envious medicinal refining skills were spread by word of mouth by most of the Inner Academy students.
At this moment the reputation of Xiao Yan in the Inner Academy was likely comparable to that of those top experts in the top ten of the "Strong Ranking." An alchemist who could refine a tier five medicinal pill would be able to enjoy the same treatment as a strong Dou Wang or even a Dou Huang no matter where one was. One could get a glimpse of this from the suddenly warm attitude that those Inner Academy Elders suddenly displayed toward Xiao Yan.
In the past those Elders merely treated Xiao Yan as a student with massive potential due to the quiet orders that First Elder gave to specially take care of Xiao Yan. However they were now truly treating him as a person on the same level of them when they conversed. There was an additional politeness that was difficult to discern when they spoke or conversed. After all these Elders clearly knew in their hearts that the value of an alchemist who could refine a tier five medicinal pill far...
Chapter 505: Training Three Thousand Lightning Movement
The lush green color extended to the edge of his vision within the vast deep mountains. It was like a borderless green-colored sea. When one stood within and the wild wind blows the sea of trees would sway and a green-colored wave that was over a thousand feet long would come sweeping over from afar. The sight was so spectacular that one would be left speechless.
A rushing wind sound suddenly sounded above the sea of trees. Immediately a figure rushed over from the distance. Finally his pair of wings flapped slightly and his body was suspended in mid-air. He eyed the boundless sea of trees below and laughed bitterly. It was really unexpected that the forest outside the Inner Academy was actually this vast. Moreover speaking from a certain point of view the Magical Beast Mountain Range that spread horizontally over the Jia Ma Empire could not compare with it.
Xiao Yan sighed. He felt a little helpless as he recalled the harsh training environment that Yao Lao had mentioned. Where was he going to find a swampy area within these vast mountains?
Xiao Yan"s gaze searched all around him. He heard some low and deep Magical Beast roars and hisses deep in the forest. Finally he gently flapped the Purple Cloud Wings...
Chapter 506: Wind-Lightning Strength
The thick dark clouds piled layer upon layer and blanketed the entire sky. Occasionally there would be flashes of lightning around ten feet long winding through the dark clouds much like a giant silver-colored python. It would tear through the sky and its eye-piercing intense glow would cover the entire mountain range under the brilliant might of the Heavens. Under this kind of extremely wild environment even the indigenous Magical Beasts of the deep mountains did not dare to carelessly appear. All of them shrunk within their caves. There were some faint low roars that followed this wind as it spread throughout the mountain range.
A small tree was uprooted without reason not far from Xiao Yan"s body. After which it was heavily thrown down the mountain peak. There was not the slightest sound being transmitted from below even after a long while.
Xiao Yan sat cross-legged on a green rock. His hands were tightly holding the silver-colored scroll. Under this kind of terrible weather where lightning occurred simultaneously this scroll which usually appeared old and ordinary gradually emitted a faint warmth. Occasionally Xiao Yan would even be able to see threads of extremely small silver-colored lightning flickering from within when...
Chapter 507: Successful Refinement
Following the appearance of the green fire the green-colored Dou Qi instantly turned from a gentle sheep into a ferocious hungry wolf. It immediately began to form a capsule-like shape as it surrounded the threads of vague silver-colored energy that were lingering in the middle.
"Hiss hiss!"
Faced with the swarming green fire Dou Qi the silver-colored energy was somewhat unresigned as it once again erupted with a powerful glow. It was like a hedgehog which had sensed danger erecting the spikes on its body with the intention of frightening away the enemy.
However after the green-colored fire mixed with the current Dou Qi the certain coercion contained within the silver-colored energy no longer posed the slightest pressure on the former. Instead when the silver-colored intense glow soared the green-colored flame within the Dou Qi appeared to have been provoked as it swarmed out with a chi sound.
The first brush of the two kinds of energy caused an energy ripple to be swiftly emitted. However there was Dou Qi blocking all around it which prevented it from causing much damage to the interior of the body.
The green fire and silver-colored energy intertwined with one another. In merely a short while the strong silver-colored glow began to show signs of defeat as the glow...
Chapter 508: Lightning Flash
A faint white-colored fog spread over the swamp that was covered by tiny emerald-green grass blades. A gentle wind blew over and the white fog surged slightly. Finally it followed the wind as it surged up toward the sky causing the swamp to become much clearer.
"Chi!"
A slight "chi chi" sound suddenly sounded within the calm swamp. Not long after the sound appeared a black human figure suddenly flashed over carrying a silver-colored bright glow. Each time his footsteps landed on the swamp the lightning that repeatedly stretched out and appeared would cause the mud within the swamp to begin to boil just like boiling water. That "chi chi" sound was also emitted from the contact.
The speed of the black shadow was extremely frightening. As he ran he directly gouged out a two foot wide gully within the swamp. It was a long while later before this long gully was restored to its original form by the creeping of the swamp. Behind the person a large group of closely packed black-colored poisonous snakes repeatedly broke through the water. They would widen their savage mouths and numerous stench-filled water arrows would create a sharp wind that shot viciously at the person"s back. However it was obvious that the speed of these water arrows were...
Chapter 509: Comprehension Ruler Technique
A black-robed young man sat cross-legged on a mountain peak. His hands formed training seals and his breathing was calm and long. Moreover there would be a slight fluctuation in his surroundings each time he inhaled and exhaled. Threads of energy that leaned toward a fiery hot form seeped out. Finally they moved along his breathing and entered the interior of his body.
The silent training continued for nearly two hours. The clothes on the black-robed young man which were flapping in the absence of wind finally slowly fell down and his eyes opened with a slight tremble.
"I have gained quite a lot from training deep within the mountains for two months..." Xiao Yan twisted his neck. He sensed the bubbling spring water like Dou Qi that was flowing unceasingly and a smile involuntarily spilled from the corner of his mouth as he softly spoke.
During the two months of tough training Xiao Yan had not only trained his "Three Thousand Lightning Movement" until he reached the level of the first stage "Lightning Flash" but the Dou Qi in his body had also increased combined and purified deep within the mountains where he ate in the wind and slept outdoors. According to his guess the current him had already unknowingly reached the peak of the eight star Da Dou Shi class while practicing the "Three Thousand Lightning Movement." Of course he took two months in order to enable himself to reach the peak of the eight star Da Dou Shi class. This kind of speed was something that could not be in the same category as training...
Chapter 510: Core Quenching Body Milk
After summoning out the Purple Cloud Wings Xiao Yan rushed as fast as lightning toward the spot where the beast"s roar was emitted from. In less than ten minutes he was already near the place where the beast"s roar resonated from. Moreover he appeared to be able to sense a few powerful auras on top of hearing the roar. These auras were strong and were even around the same as Lin Yan. There were perhaps even one or two among them who were stronger than Lin Yan.
Surprise quietly rose in Xiao Yan"s heart as he sensed these auras. That Lin Yan was a strong person who had entered the peak of the Dou Ling class. By being stronger than him did that not mean... this place actually had elite Dou Wangs?
Xiao Yan became slightly cautious as these thoughts flashed in his heart. He carefully suppressed the fluctuation of Dou Qi within his body and his breathing had also gradually slowed. The Purple Cloud Wings on his back flapped slightly and his body quietly rushed into the lush green forest.
Xiao Yan swiftly withdrew the Purple Cloud Wings upon entering the forest. After which his hands flashed in an agile manner just like a monkey. After being careful in this manner for a long while the view in front of him suddenly broadened. This was...
Chapter 511: Experts of the Strong Ranking
The "Core Quenching Body Milk" was born underground. After experiencing the pure pressure of the land it would take the form of fog after a hundred years and would be called "Core Fog." At this point it possessed the unique effect of strengthening one"s body. After merging for over a thousand years it would form a liquid form. If the quality was even higher it would be called "Core Quenching Body Milk." It possessed the magical effect of washing and refining one"s bones. Moreover that extremely pure and large strength of the land in the milk would even help a person who had reached the peak to break through the barrier between levels. Of course there was naturally still quite a great chance of failure.
Ordinary speaking due to the harsh condition for the formation of this kind of "Core Quenching Body Milk" there were very few people who had actually seen it. Even Xiao Yan had only heard Yao Lao randomly mentioning it once before. At that time Xiao Yan had firmly remembered it in his heart because he had heard of the magical effect of washing and refining one"s bones that made one greedy for it. Therefore Xiao Yan remembered it from his heart now. It was just unexpected that he would actually hear of this natural spiritual treasure that not many people knew about.
The wild joy on his face was maintained for quite awhile before it was gradually withdrawn....
Chapter 512: Wild Violent Bloodline
The sudden appearance of the Dou Qi wings on Lin Xiuya"s back not only caused Xiao Yan to be shocked. Even Yan Hao and the others who were familiar with him had faces that were involuntarily stunned. It was a long while later before they gradually recovered. They exchanged glances with one another and a solemn look flashed across all their eyes.
Although Yan Hao had touched a little of the barrier of the Dou Wang class that little contact merely caused him to be a little stronger than an ordinary strong person at the peak of the Dou Ling class. There was still a great gap if he wanted to reach the point where he could truly rely on his strength to agglomerate Dou Qi wings just like Lin Xiuya. From this one could see that Lin Xiuya had once again surpassed him.
Dou Qi transformation into wings was basically an extremely symbolical result in the training of Dou Qi. This symbol represented a natural barrier in becoming a strong person on the continent. Everyone clearly knew that as long as one was able to transform Dou Qi into wings it represented that one would be able to enter into the class that caused countless number of people to halt their progress: Dou Wang! The simple two words were the symbol which countless numbers of talented individuals had trained hard to achieve. However the hardship that these two words represented caused most of the people to halt their progress before reaching that stage. Finally these people would quietly withdraw.
Dou Ling and Dou Wang were merely separated by a class. However the difference between them was larger than any of the class differences before them. Those of the Dou Ling...
Chapter 513: Invitation
Xiao Yan smiled and spoke as he eyed the shock covered cold alluring face "Are you injured?"
"No." Han Yue shook her head. Her gaze was odd as she looked at Xiao Yan in front of her. The moving flush on her face was quietly reduced as she said a soft thanks. Immediately she sighed "It has only been two to three months since I last saw you but you have become much stronger than before. It is likely that there is hardly anyone within the Inner Academy who can surpass your speed."
The speed of the "Snow Demon Sky Ape" after its mutation was something that even someone of Lin Xiuya"s strength could not dodge. Yet Xiao Yan in front of her was able to rescue her in that split second. This speed was likely something that not one of them present could compare with. This was basically a kind of complete transformational change compared to a couple of months earlier. It was little wonder that Han Yue would lament.
Xiao Yan smiled once again but did not say anything. He turned his head and his gaze moved toward the red figure which had flashed back to the ground and appeared on an enormous rock. A solemness immediately flashed across his eyes. At this moment the snow white fur all over "Snow Demon Sky Ape" had completely turned into a kind of blood-red color. The killing intent and violence in those large scarlet eyes had become denser. Waves of seemingly substance-like fog repeatedly seeped out from within its body. Once this blood-colored fog contaminated the tree leaves it would erode the latter until nothing was left. From the appearance of this aura its strength had nearly soared...
Chapter 514: The Fight Between the Python and Ape
Stars filled the sky as icy-cool moonlight scattered down from above wrapping the entire mountain region in a layer of faint silver light. It caused the region to appear hazy and mysterious.
Other than some Magical Beasts searching for food within the mountains deep in the night most of them had returned home to sleep. The entire forest had descended into silence at this moment. It was a long time before a low roar was slowly transmitted from far away before finally spreading and gradually disappearing.
A black figure suddenly and quietly flew through the pitch black night. A pair of enormous wings flapped slightly lifting a tiny air flow. The figure"s body borrowed the tiny air flow as it flashed across the night sky passing through without disturbing anything.
"Xiu!"
A human figure suddenly appeared out of nowhere on top of a tree outside of the valley. His gaze was shining as he eyed the interior of the dark-black mountain alley. Due to the ferocious battle during the day the entrance to the mountain valley was a total mess. Large and small craters spread out in a chaotic manner.
Xiao Yan laughed softly as he eyed the deep mountain valley. He waved...
Chapter 515: Searching For Treasure
With the help of the "Heaven Swallowing Python" blocking the ape Xiao Yan successfully rushed into the mountain valley. Hearing an explosion that sounded like thunder outside the mountain valley his body also paused for a moment. He turned his head and eyed the outside of the mountain valley only to see that the sky was nearly completely covered by a seven-colored glow. The enormous size of the "Heaven Swallowing Python" was vaguely visible within the glow emitting an extremely strong pressuring feeling. Under that pressure another similarly strong snow-white cold air covered half the sky. The icy-cold gust even caused Xiao Yan who was within the valley to involuntarily tremble.
"Relax. Although the "Heaven Swallowing Python" may have some difficulty if it wants to kill the "Snow Demon Sky Ape" there should not be any problem if it just wants to delay it. Now you should swiftly search for the "Core Quenching Body Milk."" Yao Lao appeared to clearly know of the worry in Xiao Yan"s heart as he comforted him.
"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded. He did not continue to hesitate as he turned his head around and threw his gaze toward the dark-black valley. His brows were slightly knit together...
Chapter 516: Fake Core Quenching Body Milk
During the period of time that Xiao Yan was absent-minded a faint white fog suddenly surged from the tip of the enormous stalactite. The glow from the tip of the stalactite gradually became more intense. As the glow surged a drop of creamy liquid that was like a spot of light suddenly agglomerated and formed. This drop of liquid swayed at the tip of the stalactite. Finally it left the stalactite and fell through the air before gently smashing into the notch at the top of the green rock.
The liquid from the stalactite came smashing down causing the surface of the creamy white liquid which was merely two inches deep to form a ripple. However not a single drop of liquid splashed out...
Xiao Yan eyed the cream liquid that was fluctuating within the small dark-green bowl-like notch. He suddenly came to an understanding. This notch on the green rock was actually carved out by the dripping stalactites liquid. Xiao Yan"s hand rubbed the green rock and felt its firmness before sighing once again. Just how much time was needed in order to carve such a notch into the green rock by just relying on the strength of the dripping...
Chapter 517: Reappearance of Queen Medusa
Xiao Yan flew down from the top of the mountain dome and once again found himself beside the green rock. His gaze eyed the creamy-white liquid within the notch. Although this had already been diluted its effect was still quite good. Even if it could not achieve the effect of washing and refining the bones it also had quite a great refining effect on the body.
"You can also collect some of this. Perhaps you might be able to use it when you refine pills in the future." Yao Lao"s voice sounded above Xiao Yan"s head.
Xiao Yan nodded when he heard this. He took out two jade bottles from within his storage ring and carefully filled them with the cream-colored "Core Quenching Body Milk." After filling the two jade bottles there was nearly less than half of the cream liquid remaining in the notch.
Xiao Yan glanced at the remaining liquid. He mused for a while but did not completely take it all away. Lin Xiu Ya and the others might well come and take this "Core Quenching Body Milk" in the future. If they returned empty-handed after toiling for half a day they would undoubtedly have some doubts about someone else taking the thing away. Moreover only the...
Chapter 518: Agreement
Queen Medusa coldly watched Yao Lao appear. However there was not the slightest surprise on her bewitching face. Instead she said with a cold smile "I have long since sensed that this fellow had a strong person hidden by his side. So it was actually a spiritual body."
Although she spoke in this manner with her mouth her advancing footsteps were slowly withdrawn. This old man with an illusionary body in front of her gave her a faint oppressive feeling. This feeling was not weaker than the one Yun Shan gave back then. If she was at her peak condition she would not fear him. At this moment however she needed to constantly separate some Spiritual Strength to suppress the spirit of the "Heaven Swallowing Python" in this body. With this split focus her strength was somewhat reduced.
Yao Lao smiled indifferently. He waved his hand and got Xiao Yan to step back a little. Only then did he smile and continue "I am also clear about your current condition. Therefore there is no need to show such a stern murderous aura in front of me. Although I am currently only in my spiritual state with a significant loss to my strength it is likely that you will not gain any advantage if we were to really fight."
"Is...
Chapter 519: Mixing Medicinal Liquid
Xiao Yan eyed a large wooden basin that was placed in front of him within a spacious and bright mountain cave. The wooden basin was filled with a transparent and clean water that allowed one to see its base. By the side of the wooden basin was a simple wooden shelf. Various kinds of medicinal ingredients were placed on it. At a glance there was likely over ten different kinds of medicinal ingredients. Xiao Yan had spent a total of nearly three days in order to search for these medicinal ingredients.
"Hand the "Core Quenching Body Milk" to me." Yao Lao extended his hand toward Xiao Yan and commanded him after he had checked that all the necessary medicinal ingredients had been gathered.
Xiao Yan hurriedly placed the thing into Yao Lao"s hands when he heard this. The latter held that jade bottle which was completely filled with "Core Quenching Body Milk." He weighed it a little before opening the cap. A faint emerald fog drifted out immediately before finally gathering around the opening of the bottle. It did not disappear for a long time.
Yao Lao inhaled a deep breath of this fog only to sense a faint warm...
Chapter 520: Nine Star Da Dou Shi
Being in a furnace. This was Xiao Yan"s current feeling. Moreover this fire was actually rising from his bones. That pain caused Xiao Yan to inhale a cold breath of air. The multicolored medicinal liquid within the wooden basin was also bubbling more intensely. Moreover one could even use one"s naked eye to see threads of extremely tiny energy swiftly shuttling through the water before finally charging into Xiao Yan"s skin. They then disappeared in an instant.
The strength of the energy that was contained within the medicinal liquid was something that he was still quietly shocked at. Especially now that he was truly experiencing it for himself it was indeed worthy of being a natural spiritual object that had taken such a long time in order to agglomerate and take shape. This feeling was under the precondition of having other medicinal items to mediate it. If he were to directly soaked in it he would not even know how he died.
As time flowed by the multicolored bones in his body also strangely turned a little transparent. Under the observation of Xiao Yan"s mind he could faintly see the swiftly rolling marrow within his bones.
The energy...
Chapter 521: Advancing to Dou Ling
Surprise flashed across Yao Lao"s eyes within the mountain cave as he eyed the medicinal liquid that swiftly swirled within the wooden basin. With his ability he could naturally sense the suction force that was surging explosively out from Xiao Yan"s body. He immediately muttered softly "This little fellow wants to break through the Da Dou Shi class in one go? Borrowing this formidable force it appears that he has quite a good opportunity. However the energy he needs is an extremely large amount..."
The medicinal liquid swiftly spiraled within the wooden basin. Waves of incomparably pure energy seeped out from the medicinal liquid. Finally it poured into Xiao Yan"s body during its training state. As this pure energy flowed until it was gone the color of the originally multicolored medicinal liquid swiftly became pale. According to this speed it was likely that not much time would be needed before the enormous energy within the medicinal liquid was completely absorbed by Xiao Yan.
On top of absorbing the energy within the medicinal liquid the overly powerful suction force also forcefully pulled in and absorbed the surrounding...
Chapter 522: Returning to the Academy
A black-colored human figure flashed about like rolling thunder on the mountain peak. A faint silver-colored lightning glow was partially visible under the human figure"s feet. The enormous black ruler in his hands carried the suppressing sound of cleaving wind. Although the black ruler was extremely big it was just like a longsword when it was held in the human figure"s hand. As it waved and danced there was an agility and trickiness within its overbearing body.
"Chi!"
Under the sudden hacking of the enormous ruler"s body the sharp wind tore the air. A faint green glow shrouded its body much like a cluster of green-colored flames. This caused the wind from the ruler to carry a hot feeling.
With the angry hacking of the black ruler it finally carried a wild and incomparably ferocious force that violently hacked at a green rock by his side. The two came into contact and a sudden explosion sound appeared. The tough green rock let out a "bang" and was completely shattered under the ferocious force contained within the ruler"s body. Countless tiny rock fragments shot explosively all over the place. In merely an instant only a small half of the green rock that was half the height of a person remained inserted on top of the mountain.
"Hu!"
Xiao Yan"s...
Chapter 523: Appearance
The Fighting Arena was the most popular area within the Inner Academy. Usually speaking the somewhat bloody area of the fighting arena was an opposing existence to the atmosphere of the academy. However this Inner Academy did not shun this kind of conflict. However it must be said that the decisions of the Inner Academy was a wise one. The existence of the Fighting Arena resulted in the Inner Academy students being different from the students of other academies who merely knew how to fight on the surface. Should the students from the latter group fall into a brutal life and death battle their feet would tremble.
Due to them being surrounded by the most chaotic region in the continent the kind of students that did not have any experience with bloody fights would likely have the odds against them should they fall into the "Black-Corner Region." This was something that Jia Nan Academy who had quite a number of conflicts with the "Black-Corner Region" every year could not be more certain about.
Under the precondition of having rich rewards of "Fire Energy" in the Fighting Arena there would be a countless number of students fighting at that place. Although most people wanted to satisfy their desires and make a breakthrough from a fight being able to obtain the additional reward on top of the increase in fighting experience was something that everyone was extremely happy to receive.
The Fighting Arena could be described as having as many people as the mountains and seas. The noise and the various roars from within were something that one could clearly hear even if one was a hundred meters away.
The Fighting Arena was crowded...
Chapter 524: Fierce Fighting
The black-robed young man who had suddenly appeared caused the noisy fighting arena to descend into an extremely brief silence. Upon hearing the words that were emitted from his mouth everyone immediately understood just who the person who had come was. Immediately the members of "Pan"s Gate" erupted into a thunder-like cheer. The remaining audience also carried some excitement as they weighed Xiao Yan. Their gazes had some anticipation. Xiao Yan"s alchemist skills were well known after his competition with Han Xian. However having outstanding medicinal refining skills did not represent his fighting strength. In this place which was filled with violence only the hardest fist could cause others to feel a deep respect in their hearts. All the other things like status were totally useless.
Therefore upon Xiao Yan"s appearance everyone wanted to see whether this young man who had outstanding pill refining skills would have a fighting ability that was sufficient enough to cause others to view him seriously.
The instant when Xun Er was shaken back she had sensed a familiar strength. The powerful golden light agglomerated on her hands gradually disappeared as she allowed that gentle force to send her out of the battle circle. Her pretty eyes studied the tall figure in the battleground. Only then did she quietly calm down her raised...
Chapter 525: Fighting a Six Star Dou Ling
Xun Er and the others were aware that Xiao Yan could suddenly unleash an extremely great strength. Therefore they did not feel much surprise when they saw that his current strength had greatly soared. However Lin Xiuya and the rest from high above involuntarily emitted a shocked "huh" sound. They who possessed powerful strength were naturally able to discover that Xiao Yan"s current strength had nearly caught up with Bai Cheng. This kind of large increase or leap of strength really caused others to be astonished. After all that was a total six star gap.
"This fellow no wonder I felt a faint solemn feeling when I first met him. It is actually because he possesses such tactics." Lin Xiuya"s eyes suddenly danced with an additional surprise within. Clearly this eruption by Xiao Yan had exceeded his expectations.
Beside him Yan Hao"s eyes were staring intently at Xiao Yan below. From the looks of his expression he appeared to have quite a great interest in the way Xiao Yan suddenly unleashed his strength. He also nodded slightly when he heard Lin Xiuya"s words before his gaze moved up and finally landed at a place where it was a little dark. He could faintly hear...
Chapter 526: Fighting Medicine (Drugs?)
The wind from the palm rubbed past the front of Bai Cheng. However before Bai Cheng had the chance to rejoice within his heart Xiao Yan"s elbow suddenly smashed down violently. The sharp wind gathered around Xiao Yan"s elbow and the ear-piercing sound caused people to rub their ears since they were being shaken with pain.
Bai Cheng held the long spear tightly with his right hand and got it to make contact with the ground stabilizing his body that was leaning back. His hand hurriedly charged forward before finally coming into heavy contact with Xiao Yan"s elbow. Forceful ripples spread out and the faint "ka cha" sound of bones cracking appeared.
Bai Cheng completely felt the powerful strength contained in Xiao Yan"s elbow as his fist made contact with it. His expression immediately became pale. Under this powerful force his body that was tilted back was forcefully smashed into the ground. Threads of crack lines began spreading from the spot where he fell.
Xiao Yan"s face was indifferent. He did not pause for even a moment. Green-colored Dou Qi swiftly agglomerated as he immediately kicked at the head of Bai Cheng who had fallen on the ground. From his stance if his kick were to connect Bai Cheng would at the very least become unconscious...
Chapter 527: A Powerful Strike
"Dragon Strength Pill." Bai Cheng was not unfamiliar with the name of this medicinal pill. It was a tier five medicinal pill that even Han Xian could not refine back then. One could get a glimpse of just how great its effect would be by the appearance of those Elders back then. The medicinal pill that he had consumed earlier was named "Beast Strength Pill." It was merely a medicinal pill that had barely reached that of the fourth tier and it had an effect that was similar to that of the "Dragon Strength Pill." Both of them could increase the strength of the person who consumed it by a little for a short period of time. However the "Dragon Strength Pill" had a degree of increase that was even stronger than the other pill. Hence Bai Cheng"s expression immediately turned extremely ugly when he saw that Xiao Yan had actually taken out the "Dragon Strength Pill."
"You... are actually willing?" The corner of Bai Cheng"s mouth quivered slightly. One could not differentiate whether it was fear or bitterness in his voice.
"Ke ke since Senior Bai Cheng is willing to take out a medicinal pill to consume I as an alchemist cannot lose face no?" Xiao Yan exposed his teeth in a smile. The white shiny teeth caused a coldness to form in Bai Cheng"s bones. Only now did the latter understand that this fellow in front of him who appeared to...
Chapter 528: Defeating the Opponent
Xiao Yan"s fist had become a little larger after swallowing the "Dragon Strength Pill." Adding the increase in strength from the "Octane Blast" Dou Technique to that of the medicinal effect the frightening wind that was contained on Xiao Yan"s fist nearly caused the faces of most of the people in the viewing gallery to be filled with shock. This kind of strength was something that even some people who had reached that of a seven or eight star elite Dou Ling might have difficulty displaying.
The wind formed on Xiao Yan"s fist. The air in front of him was also completely dispersed under this strike of his. His fist plowed through the empty space and vaguely contained a hot wind. A faint shadow of a fist was left behind wherever the fist passed.
Before the fist truly made contact with Bai Cheng the air that had been suppressed because of the strong and violent wind had already shot heavily toward the thick dark-yellow Dou Qi Armor. A clear explosion immediately sounded and a dent the size of a palm appeared on the armor. However the appearance of the dent merely lasted for an instant before it was completely repaired...
Chapter 529: A Slap
The man who appeared in the battleground had a tall and large body which was not much different from the ape-like body of Yan Hao. He wore a chinese garment and had a resolute face. His eyebrows were quite thick and he was carrying a dark-black heavy spear that was as tall as him on his back. This black-colored long spear was longer than any spear Xiao Yan had ever seen before. This spear also carried a sharp tyrant-like aura much like its owner.
The main character of the arena appeared to have changed to this person the moment he appeared. This kind of sharp aura was something that no one dared to underestimate no matter where it was placed.
The first impression the man in front of Xiao Yan gave off could be described with one word: Tyrant!
Regardless of whether it was his figure appearance or even the black-colored heavy spear behind his back they were all filled with a similar feeling. This aura was one that belonged to only one person within the Inner Academy third on the "Strong Ranking" Tyrant Spear Liu Qing!
The appearance of this man caused the entire Fighting Arena to descend into silence. Those gazes that were shot down from the viewing...
Chapter 530: The Ranking on the "Strong Ranking"
Xiao Yan was slumped in a chair in the spacious large hall as he listened to Xun Er tell him about the situation of "Pan"s Gate" after he had left. Occasionally he would stretch his lazy waist and let out a big yawn. His lazy manner caused Xun Er to stop her speech and helplessly shake her head.
"How are Hu Jia"s injuries?" Xiao Yan smiled and asked her a question. His spirits were slightly lifted when he saw Xun Er helplessly cease speaking.
"Her injuries are quite serious this time. However with the medicinal pills that you have refined it is only a matter of time before she can completely recover. Moreover from the looks of the fluctuations in her breath it appears that there are faint traces of her about to break through to a nine star Da Dou Shi." Xun Er smiled and replied.
Shock flashed across Xiao Yan"s face when he heard this. He immediately nodded slightly. Hu Jia"s and Wu Hao"s training talent belonged to the very excellent category. If Xiao Yan had not supported himself with many elixirs it was likely that he would not be able to surpass them this swiftly.
"Has the outside world become a little calmer these two days?" Xiao...
Chapter 531: The Mysterious First on the Strong Ranking
Xiao Yan was slightly startled as he eyed the fear that flashed across Lin Yan"s face. He immediately knit his brows slightly and his heart began to churn a little. Ever since he was acquainted with Lin Yan this arrogant fellow had never displayed fear toward anyone. He merely felt some admiration for the strengths of Lin Xiu Ya Liu Qing and the others when facing them. However he never showed the slightest hint of fear of them. Now on the other hand this Lin Yan who was renowned for being arrogant and wild in the Inner Academy had descended into silence and displayed such an expression when mentioning the person ranked first on the "Strong Ranking". This caused Xiao Yan to be unable to maintain a calm heart.
"Ke ke I was merely asking randomly. Senior Lin Yan need not take it to heart." Xiao Yan smiled slightly after the silence continued for a while. He continued smiling while spoke and he gently placed his teacup down.
The expression on Lin Yan"s face finally became a little relaxed after hearing Xiao Yan"s words. He let out a bitter smile as he sighed "I really don"t wish to mention that fellow. I think you will be able to see that fellow in the grand competition...
Chapter 532: Asparagus Ice Fire Fruit
Behind the wooden door was a spacious room that was covered by a faint fluorescent light. Xiao Yan slowly walked in as he gazed about in all directions. Surprise gradually surged onto his face. The inner wall of the entire room was wrapped by a creamy white layer of jade. Even the ground under his feet was put together by pieces of neatly arranged white jade without the presence of any crack lines. That faint fluorescent light was actually being emitted from these white jade pieces.
"What a grand masterpiece." Xiao Yan clicked his tongue and exclaimed to himself. These white jade pieces were extremely expensive. However they were quite effective when used to preserve medicinal ingredients. In this kind of airtight environment these valuable medicinal ingredients would not lose even the slightest medicinal effect. Moreover the time that they could be placed in storage lengthened greatly. This kind of arrangement was far from what Xiao Yan"s usage of the storage ring to store the medicinal ingredients could compare with.
The spacious room that was surrounded by white jade had a couple built-in walkways. Positioned on the two sides of the walkway...
Chapter 533: The Mysterious White-Clothed Little Girl
Her voice was obviously a tender one and she had a cute appearance. However the strange aura the white-clothed little girl emitted caused Xiao Yan"s mind to tense up.
He exchanged glances with her large dark-black eyes. A moment later he laughed dryly "Little girl this thing tastes awful. Why don"t you give it to me."
"I need to eat them if I want to grow up!" The little girl said calmly.
"It needs time for you to grow. By doing this you are simply pulling the shoot to help it grow and does not have any benefits." Xiao Yan"s face was calm but his heart had become noisy. This strange little girl had already eaten one rare medicinal ingredient and he was the only one who had just entered this medicinal ingredient management warehouse. It was likely that he would be in some trouble if Elder Hao was to look into the matter.
"Time is useless to me!" The little girl"s face sunk a little when she heard Xiao Yan"s words. She used her tender tone to speak loudly.
"Oh heavens!" Xiao Yan weakly patted his forehead as he felt a wave of a headache. Just where had this monster-like little girl ran out from? Not only was her strength so great that it was frightening but her words were also quite strange. If she was just an ordinary little girl Xiao Yan would forcefully snatch the "Asparagus Ice Fire Fruit" even...
Chapter 534: Not a Human
Xiao Yan"s eyes did not blink as he viewed the white-clothed little girl seated cross-legged opposite him within the quiet room. He really did not expect that such a cute little girl had originally transformed from a Magical Beast... Since he was born this was the first time that he had seen a human transformed from a Magical Beast. Therefore he felt surprise and gained a sudden understanding in his heart.
"No wonder she dares to eat medicinal ingredients raw. Her original form is actually a Magical Beast. With the strong body of a Magical Beast the wild and violent medicinal strength is still within the boundary of her resistance."
"Have you seen enough? Hurry up and help me refine!" The little girl became slightly angry as she was being studied by Xiao Yan. She immediately threw the "Hard Gold Pu" in her hand to him and furiously spoke. Earlier Elder Hao may have spoken to Xiao Yan in a soft voice but she could still clearly hear what he said.
Xiao Yan received the "Hard Gold Pu" and smiled with a nod. He waved his hand and summoned his medicinal cauldron. The last time his medicinal cauldron had exploded during the competition. Therefore the medicinal cauldron which he used this time around was something which he had bought from...
Chapter 535: The Final Medicinal Ingredient
It was a long while before Xiao Yan who was within a quiet secret room finally recovered from the shocking news that Zi Yan had spat from her mouth. He rubbed his face with great strength and laughed bitterly. It was really unexpected that the first on the "Strong Ranking" which was described by Lin Yan until it appeared that she was an immortal was actually such a little girl. No it should be said that it was a powerful Magical Beast with a human appearance.
"This little girl is also quite cute. I wonder why Lin Yan is so afraid of her. However with her strength she is really able to sit in the top position. Looking from her frightening strength it is likely that even an elite Dou Wang would not dare to fight her head on." Xiao Yan muttered softly.
"Although this little girl"s strength is so frightening that it is a little overboard she appears to completely rely on her physical strength from the way she attacked earlier. She did not exert even the slightest energy." Yao Lao"s voice suddenly sounded from within Xiao Yan"s heart in a slow manner.
"Is Teacher able to see just what kind of Magical Beast Zi Yan is?" Xiao Yan inquired.
"I cannot tell... she has consumed the "Body Transformation Grass"....
Chapter 536: Exchange
Xiao Yan followed Elder Hao as he walked out of the medicinal management warehouse. They walked slowly while following the main road. There were occasionally some students who saw the two of them walking side by side along the way. Surprise flashed across their faces. Elder Hao always looked at the others with a cold face. Therefore other people both feared and respected him. All of them felt extremely surprised when they saw that he engaged in a smiling conversation with Xiao Yan. On top of being surprised they could not help but view Xiao Yan a little more seriously. Everyone clearly knew the authority of these Elders within the Inner Academy. If someone did not open their eyes and offended them these Elders may find trouble. Abusing one"s authority for one"s private purposes was something that inevitably existed even within this Inner Academy.
Xiao Yan did not pay much attention to those gazes along the way. Due to Elder Hao being by his side even some of the students who recognized him and wanted to step forward to issue a challenge also weighed the situation and shrank back. Therefore it saved Xiao Yan a lot of trouble.
"That Elder...
Chapter 537: Obtaining It
The green-colored lotus seed lay quietly in Xiao Yan"s hand emitting a faint glow. Although it was quite small the powerful hot energy that it contained caused even Elder Liu"s and Elder Hao"s faces to be filled with surprise.
This green-colored lotus seed was the additional item that Xiao Yan had found when searching for the "Green Lotus Core Flame" within the Great Tager Desert the "Ground-Fire Lotus Seed". This kind of Fire Lotus Seed was agglomerated and formed from fire affinity energy after a long duration of time. Therefore it greatly benefited those who practiced fire affinity Dou Qi. Back then Xiao Yan had obtained a total of eleven "Ground-Fire Lotus Seed". He had consumed one himself. Hence he was left with only ten of them.
Back when Xiao Yan had just obtained the Fire Lotus Seeds Yao Lao had told him that he should try his best to avoid revealing it in front of others. Otherwise he might end up with a lot of trouble for no other reason besides the arousal of other people"s greed. Things were different now. Currently Xiao Yan was no longer that small Dou Shi he was back then. There were also many trump cards that he had now. Even if he were to face an elite Dou Wang Xiao Yan...
Chapter 538: Refining the Ground Spirit Pill
Xiao Yan and Elder Hao exchanged glances with one another as they walked out of Elder Liu"s room. Both of them involuntarily laughed out loud.
"Elder Hao I really have to thank you very much this time around." Xiao Yan walked a little closer and softly said "There will definitely be a reward for you in the future."
"Ke ke this is but a small matter. Our ears will be a little quieter now that that fellow has lost the thing he boasts about in front of us." Elder Hao waved his hand. However from the looks of his expression Xiao Yan"s words still caused him to be quite happy. After all he already had some intention of befriending Xiao Yan after witnessing the latter"s refinement skills. He was already quite happy at being able to get a tier five alchemist to owe him a favor that was neither large nor small.
The two of them chatted and laughed as they walked out of this quiet area where the Elders resided. The two of them separated at a fork in the road. Elder Hao needed to return to guard the medicinal warehouse and Xiao Yan needed to return to "Pan"s Gate".
Xiao Yan stood at the forked road and eyed Elder Hao"s back which had disappeared. He let out a long sigh and the joy within his...
Chapter 539: Stir of Activity
A dense white-colored flame was partially visible among the green shade of the lush green mountain peak much like a ghostly flame.
Yao Lao"s expression was serious as he eyed the swiftly rising dense white flame within the medicinal cauldron. Due to the quality of the "Black Demon" cauldron being exceptionally extraordinary this initial step of warming the cauldron required a little bit longer compared to other ordinary cauldrons. However Yao Lao"s medicinal refinement skills and his degree of control over the "Bone Chilling Flame" naturally enabled him to forego this extra time needed. Therefore Yao Lao"s hand waved at the few medicinal ingredients on the ground in front of him after the flame withered for nearly one minute. Immediately the fiery red "Flame Core \u200eGanoderma" slowly flew up and was finally thrown into the medicinal cauldron.
The moment the "Flame Core \u200eGanoderma" entered the medicinal cauldron the dense white flame swallowed it like a hungry wolf pouncing on its meal. In an instant the former began to swiftly wither.
Xiao Yan"s eyes stared intently at the interior of the medicinal cauldron. Although the flame within the cauldron was blazing he was able to sense that the temperature of the flame had been suppressed by Yao Lao to a very precise degree. Therefore this flame may have appeared ferocious but it did not incinerate the "Flame Core \u200eGanoderma" until it turned into ashes. Instead under a gradual withering blood-colored tiny and dense water droplets seeped out from within the "Flame Core \u200eGanoderma". Finally they rolled down along the surface and were suspended over the flame repeatedly rolling and...
Chapter 540: Medicine Emperor Han Feng!
Two human figures were seated in a quiet room of a pavilion home within the deep regions of the Inner Academy. One of them was wearing a large black robe and had white hair. His old face was like a monk where it was difficult for a shred of emotion to ripple over it. The back of his hand rested by the window as he eyed the lush greenery outside. A long while later he spoke in an indifferent voice "Qin Xuan what is the activity within the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower" recently?"
"First Elder the "Fallen Heart Flame" is becoming less and less calm. Currently it will writhe out once every half a month. If the Elders had not joined hands to lay an energy mirror knot it is likely that a great number of deaths and injuries would appear among the students training within the tower." A yellow-clothed old man who was a little hunched was bowing respectfully from behind as he replied.
"It is becoming sooner and sooner huh..." The old man who was addressed as the first Elder sighed gently. He muttered "Back then the Headmaster had established the Inner Academy in this place after he discovered the "Fallen Heart Flame". At that time he had said that the repression and seal could only obtain a temporary effect....
Chapter 541: Pill Formed
In the azure sky above the vast mountains a somewhat coarse energy glow shot into the clouds and did not disappear for a long while.
Yao Lao slowly sat up from the ground. He glanced at the enormous light pillar and frowned slightly. With a beckon of his extended hand the light pillar immediately trembled. Finally a thread of blue-colored glow rushed down before being suspended above his hand.
The blue-colored glow gradually diminished. Immediately it revealed its actual body. It was actually an azure medicinal pill that was the size of a dragon"s eye. The surface of the medicinal pill was extremely round and sleek much like the surface of a sea. The blue lines that faintly remained on it were like numerous waves appearing extremely mysterious.
Following this thread of blue-colored glow escaping from the light pillar the enormous light pillar appeared to have lost the support of its energy. It shook slightly before it gradually became illusionary and eventually disappeared altogether.
Xiao Yan only heaved a sigh of relief after eyeing the enormous light pillar completely disappear from the sky. If this activity were to continue it was likely that the Elders in the Inner Academy would rush over after being alerted. Xiao Yan flapped his wings and slowly landed on the peak of the mountain....
Chapter 542: The Talent to Hunt Treasures
Xiao Yan once again stayed for half a day within the deep mountains after avoiding the search of the black-robed old man. Only then did he display his Purple Cloud Wings and return to the Inner Academy with a relaxed heart.
With the help of the dim sky Xiao Yan once again successfully shook off those nosy people who wanted to challenge him. He entered "Pan"s Gate" and swaggered back to the pavilion home. However when he pushed open the door and entered a white figure suddenly flashed in front of him causing him to hurriedly take a cautious step back. He focused his eyes and took a look and was involuntarily a little stunned. This white figure in front of him was actually that so-called first rank on the "Strong Ranking" the avatar of a Magical Beast Zi Yan.
At this moment the white-clothed little girl was eyeing Xiao Yan at the entrance with an anticipation-filled gaze. Her dark-black eyes were filled with desire.
"*Cough* Zi Yan why have you come?" Xiao Yan relaxed his tensed heart. He let out a dry cough before rubbing Zi Yan"s little head. After which he moved sideways and entered the room. Upon entering the room he discovered that Xun Er Hu Jia and Wu Hao were present....
Chapter 543: Urgent Matter?
"The matter of the clan head of the Xiao clan being missing has been spread to the clan." Ling Ying eyed Xun Er as he said with a bitter smile "Currently the clan is a little chaotic. Xiao Zhan"s disappearance may also mean that the portion of the "key" belonging to the Xiao clan has also disappeared with him. Xiao-jie also knows just how seriously the clan views that thing."
TL: xiao-jie - young miss/lady from a well off or powerful family
"Did the clan send someone to investigate the whereabouts of uncle Xiao Zhan?" Xun Er knit her eyebrows slightly before suddenly asking a moment later.
"They have begun to investigate. However they don"t have any news for the time being. The only ones who know about the details of Xiao Zhan"s disappearance is perhaps the First Elder of the Misty Cloud Sect who had given chase back then. Unfortunately Xiao Yan has already killed him in his anger." Ling Ying shook his head and said.
"Xiao Yan ge-ge values uncle Xiao Zhan greatly. Xiao Zhan was chased by the Misty Cloud Sect until he ended up disappearing. Xiao Yan was naturally furious to the point that he lost a little of his reasoning." Xun Er sighed. Immediately she changed the topic and said "Tell me about Father"s...
Chapter 544: Return to the Outer Academy
A few human figures flashed out from the illusory exit of the Inner Academy. From the looks of their appearances they were actually Xiao Yan Xun Er and the rest. Behind them was Lin Yan who had followed out of curiosity.
The moment when Xiao Yan and the others had rushed out from the forest a faint old voice sounded above the heads of everyone "You must obtain a letter from an elder if you want to leave the Inner Academy. What does the large group of you plan to do by leaving?"
Xiao Yan and the others hurriedly raised their heads when they heard this voice only to see an old man standing on the top of a tree branch. Looking carefully he was that Elder Su whom they had seen when they had first entered the Inner Academy.
"Elder Su I am Xiao Yan and I have an urgent matter that requires me to make a trip to the Outer Academy. Please accomodate me!" Xiao Yan took a step forward suppressing the anxiety in his heart. He respectfully spoke to the Elder on the tree branch.
"Oh? Xiao Yan?" Elder Su was startled when he heard this. His gaze was hurriedly thrown to Xiao Yan"s body. When he saw that somewhat familiar face there was immediately an additional smile on his originally indifferent face. "Ke ke it is actually student Xiao Yan. Why? Have you become...
Chapter 545: The Unexpected Change In the Clan
The atmosphere in the room was so pressuring that it caused people to feel like they were suffocating. Lin Yan and the others eyed Xiao Yan who was displaying such a boundless fury in front of them for the first time. They were quietly a little speechless. This fellow usually appeared to be gentle and filled with smiles when one saw him. It was really unexpected that he was actually this frightening when he was truly angered.
Xiao Yan"s eyes stared intently at the pale-white face of Xiao Li. A long while later he inhaled a deep breath of air and forcefully suppressed the fury within his heart. He turned around and spoke to the red-eyed Xiao Yu in a deep voice "Just what happened? Shouldn"t second elder brother be in the Jia Ma Empire? Why has he suddenly arrived at the Jia Nan Academy?"
"Two days ago older cousin Xiao Li suddenly appeared at the entrance of the Jia Nan Academy and got someone to inform me about it. When I hurried out I had already seen him in such a weak manner. Upon seeing me he merely said one sentence before falling unconscious." Xiao Yu said softly.
"What sentence?" Xiao Yan"s heart leaped as he asked in a hoarse voice.
"Inform Xiao Yan something has happened to the Xiao clan!"
"Bang!"
A powerful...
Chapter 546: The Participation of the "Hall of Souls"
Silence once again surfaced in the room. It was a long while later before Xiao Yan who had understood the cause and effect to slowly let out a breath of air. His voice was low as he asked "How is big brother?"
"We were being chased all the way. With our strength the Xiao clan"s elimination would not be unexpected if it continued. However it was fortunate that some reinforcements appeared at a critical point which saved our remaining Xiao clan." Happiness appeared on Xiao Li"s pale-white face when he spoke until this point.
"Reinforcements? There is still a faction in the Jia Ma Empire who dares to contend with the Misty Cloud Sect?" Xiao Yan was startled when he heard this as he spoke with a frown.
"The reinforcement appeared in the dark-black forest. At first we also did not know about it. Those who came only revealed their identities after pushing back those that were giving chase. That person is also someone you know. It is that old man who had once followed beside you."
"Hai Bodong? Old Hai?" Xiao Yan was slightly stunned. The face of an old man who always had a cold and indifferent expression slowly surfaced in Xiao Yan"s mind. Xiao Yan nodded as he came...
Chapter 547: Xiao Li"s Plan
Due to Xiao Li"s injuries Xiao Yan was not in a hurry to return to the Inner Academy. Instead he stayed in the Outer Academy for a couple of days. During this period of time Xiao Li"s injuries had not only recovered quickly under the numerous expensive medicinal pills of Xiao Yan but his strength had also advanced greatly.
Xiao Yan had naturally probed Xiao Li"s current strength during the period that the latter was recuperating. He was currently at the peak of the Dou Shi class and could break through that barrier anytime leaping to become a Da Dou Shi.
Xiao Yan pondered a little about this before he secretly added a drop of "Core Quenching Body Milk" during Xiao Li"s recuperation. Borrowing this enormous energy Xiao Li finally broke through the Dou Shi barrier as he had desired and took the first step in advancing to a Da Dou Shi!
Although Xiao Li"s wounds had been completely cured and his strength had advanced greatly his entire aura had undoubtedly become much darker and sterner than before after undergoing such a great change. He was still a little better when faced with his relatives like Xiao Yan. However when he talked to an outsider the thick cold glint in his eyes that was as sharp as an eagle caused other...
Chapter 548: Put up a Stage and Receive Challengers
After completely settling Xiao Li"s matter Xiao Yan was finally able to return to the Inner Academy with his heart at ease and prepare for the "Strong Ranking Grand Competition" that was about to arrive in the Inner Academy. However he also met with Xiao Yu Xiao Mei and Xiao Ning before he left. Now that the Xiao clan had suffered extremely great losses with an unknown number of clan members having died in the hands of the Misty Cloud Sect and the "Hall of Souls". Xiao Yan was much gentler when compared to before when faced with these three relatives who had a blood relationship with him. Given his character he would naturally not care aboutsome of the grudges from when they were young. No matter how one put it they belonged to one clan. Moreover it was undoubtedly easier to give trust to relatives with a blood relationship compared to outsiders.
The Inner Academy Qualifying Competition this year would once again begin after another half a year. This time around it was not difficult for Xiao Yu to enter given her strength. It was a little more risky for Xiao Mei and Xiao Ning. However this kind of risk was naturally not much of a trouble in front of Xiao Yan who was a tier five alchemist....
Chapter 549: Yao Sheng
Xiao Yan walked to the sixth level of the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower." He eyed the space in the tower that was more open when compared to the previous few levels. He could not help but quietly sigh in his heart "With this kind of environment and treatment it is indeed worthy of being a place that only the top experts from the Inner Academy have the qualifications to enter."
The space of the sixth level was quite large. The rock walls in the tower were dark-pink in color. Threads of strange heat were seeping out from within causing one"s entire body to feel a relaxed warm feeling. This place may be spacious but there were so few people that it was pathetic. Xiao Yan glanced over it. This large place merely had a few countable human figures standing within it. Compared to the situation above where there was a sea of people there was undoubtedly a difference that was as vast as that of the Heavens and the Earth.
The conditions to enter the sixth level were extremely harsh. Even some of the experts on the "Strong Ranking" did not possess that kind of qualification. Therefore it was within reason that there were very few people present.
Xiao Yan"s gaze merely gave this place a rough glance before...
Chapter 550: Initial Exchange
The spacious resting area had become a little quieter due to the ferocious aura that had suddenly erupted from the two people. Immediately over ten human figures around them took a couple of steps back while wearing faces that showed that they were going to enjoy the show. Although one could raise one"s training speed by cultivating in the tower it was also extremely dull and boring. They were naturally extremely happy to watch such amusing activity now that someone had started a fight.
Lin Yan was also startled when he saw Xiao Yan who had directly received Yao Sheng"s challenge. He was just about to stop the fight when he mused a moment. However he did not speak. Although Xiao Yan"s strength was only that of a two star Dou Ling on the surface he clearly knew that this fellow"s true fighting ability far exceeded this level. Hence it was not an easy matter for Yao Sheng to defeat Xiao Yan even with the former"s strength.
"It is also good for him to sense a little of the fighting strength of the top twenty in the "Strong Ranking"." Lin Yan thought in his heart as he took a step back. He smiled as he spoke to Xiao Yan "Send this sissy rolling and see if he still dares to make noise toward you."
Xiao Yan smiled...
Chapter 551: No. 1 Training Room
A little girl who was wearing a white dress stood at the entrance of a training room while leaning against a wall. She glanced at everyone in the resting area. Although she appeared as though she posed no threat to either human or beast the ferocity that was faintly contained within those pupils caused those people whose gazes met hers to feel cold sweat appear on their backs.
"Ke ke it is actually Senior Zi Yan." Liu Qing"s expression had also changed a little the moment that the little girl appeared. He appeared much better compared to the others as he immediately spoke with a smile toward Zi Yan. However that address which he used gave one a strange feeling. Just think a man who appeared like a huge gorilla was actually speaking to a littleaw girl who was merely the height of his waist in such a respectful and frightened manner. It was likely that no one would think that this was an ordinary situation.
Zi Yan glanced at him before taking small steps as she walked into the area. As she walked in the human crowd who was observing from around hurriedly stepped back. They were afraid of being the innocent party who ended up suffering while watching someone else"s affair.
Lin Yan stood beside Xiao Yan. His entire...
Chapter 552: The Violent Activity Within the Tower
The door was pushed opened. Immediately a pale-red powerful light suddenly surged out causing Xiao Yan to shut his eyes as a reflex. He only slowly opened them a long while later and eyed the scene in the room. The amazement on his face grew even denser.
The spacious interior of the training room had basically been covered by a layer of thick pale-red fog. One could merely see a spot two to three meters in front of him. Wherever one"s gaze was directed to the area ahead was covered by that rich dense pale-redness.
Xiao Yan"s face carried amazement as he stepped into the training room. His hand grabbed at the drifting pale-red fog in an illusionary manner. Immediately a warm feeling was transmitted from his hand. A thread of pale-red fog moved along his opened pores and entered Xiao Yan"s body turning into threads of pure energy that automatically flowed within his veins.
"What powerful energy!" Surprise flashed across Xiao Yan"s eyes. He inhaled a deep breath of cold air. It was a long while later before he finally spoke in a soft voice. The degree of richness of the energy present in this place was at least more than ten times greater than that of a high grade training...
Chapter 553: The Pre-Uprising of the Fallen Heart Flame
Xiao Yan was slightly startled when he heard the old voice that resounded next to his ear. He immediately sat up on the stone platform and swiftly retrieved his Fire Crystal Card from within the notch. He muttered with shock within his heart "What happened?"
"The energy within the tower has become much more wild and violent. I think this should be due to the "Fallen Heart Flame"." Yao Lao"s voice carried a little surprise as it sounded within Xiao Yan"s heart.
"Fallen Heart Flame?" Xiao Yan was immediately stunned when he heard this. He spoke in his heart while being surprised "Didn"t you say that there was still at least another couple of months? Don"t tell me that the uprising has been accelerated?"
"From the looks of the situation it has not completely erupted yet. It should be some slightly larger writhing of the "Fallen Heart Flame"." Yao Lao smiled and said "However from the looks of this churning it confirms that what I said was correct. At the very most half a year or at the very least two to three months from now the "Fallen Heart Flame" within this "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower" will rise up completely. At that time our chance to snatch the "Fallen...
Chapter 554: First Elder Su Qian
Xiao Yan"s heart pounded immediately when he heard the question that the black-robed old man posed in front of him. His eyes rotated a little while a thought swiftly crossed his heart "If I were to reply that I had really seen it will this old man commit a kind of dirty deed such as killing a person to silence them in order to keep a secret?" After all the importance of this "Fallen Heart Flame" to the Inner Academy was really too great. Hence it was little wonder that Xiao Yan had such thoughts.
Xiao Yan"s palm was filled with sweat while the atmosphere was tense and pressuring. The pressuring feeling that the black-robed old man in front of him gave was not in the least bit weaker than Yun Shan from the Misty Cloud Sect. With Xiao Yan"s given strength it was likely that the other party would subdue him with a random wave of his hand if one excluded the possibility of Yao Lao lending a hand.
Xiao Yan finally made his decision after thinking over it for a long while. He intended to not admit that he had seen the exchange within the tower no matter what.
However at this moment the black-robed old man in front of Xiao Yan suddenly opened his mouth indifferently "You should be Xiao Yan right? It is rumored that there is an extremely vague connection...
Chapter 555: Enemies Often Cross Each Other"s Paths
The middle stadium that was in the largest area of the Inner Academy was usually not open to the public. It would only be open when the Inner Academy organized a competition. As the hottest "Strong Ranking" Grand Competition this would naturally be the place where the competition would be conducted.
Of course the area where the stadium in the middle was located was extremely large. However it was still filled by the countless numbers of black masses of human heads. At a glance the bustling crowd carried a noisiness that spread all around. Finally they converged together and rushed to the stands.
Of course the large group Xiao Yan was with was somewhat stunned when they arrived and eyed the human wall that was squeezed very tightly. However it was fortunate that the competitors had a special tunnel. Borrowing Xiao Yan"s glory Xun Er and the others avoided the trouble of having to be squeezed. They used the special tunnel that was guarded by the instructors and entered a high platform with quite a good view.
Xiao Yan stood on a high platform as his gaze swept below. They could see that the spacious arena was evenly divided into five platforms. Clearly...
Chapter 556: Tit for Tat
Under the much more solidified atmosphere Liu Qing and the rest slowly stopped in front of Xiao Yan"s group. The former glanced at Xiao Yan Liu Xiuya and the rest before speaking indifferently "We have finally met. I have waited for the arrival of this day for a long time."
Xiao Yan would naturally not foolishly reply to Liu Qing"s words. Everyone in the Inner Academy knew that Liu Qing"s opponent was Lin Xiuya. With the exception of Zi Yan the little monster who rode over them there was hardly anyone who had the qualification to be viewed seriously by Liu Qing. Even Yan Hao who was ranked fourth still felt some fear deep in his heart despite usually not showing the slightest sign of being afraid of Liu Qing.
"Hopefully your luck will be better this time around." Lin Xiuya returned the indifferent smile. Although his body size was basically one entire girth smaller than Liu Qing"s that special aura of his caused him to not have the slightest sign of being eclipsed in front of Liu Qing with his large frame.
Although the conversation between the two was simple it was filled with a tit for a tat feeling that was difficult to hide. As long time rivals these two people were compared with each other all...
Chapter 557: Determining One"s Opponent
"Bang!"
A human figure that was like a black-colored metal pagoda carried a sharp rushing wind sound as his feet heavily landed on the ground. In an instant the dark-black ground made of special material quietly formed a few tiny crack lines spreading from the spot where his feet landed. Moreover the instant he landed the dozens of competitors on the arena clearly sensed the ground shaking viciously. Immediately they threw surprised gazes at that black shadow. Only when their gaze took in who that person was did they come to a sudden understanding.
Tyrant Spear Liu Qing. It was likely that he was the only one who possessed such a sharp overbearing brute strength.
The moment Liu Qing landed his body was as straight as the body of a spear not even bending a little. The black-colored heavy spear on his back was as tall as him and faintly a thick heavy aura seeped out of it.
Liu Qing suddenly raised his head after landing on the ground. His gaze was thrown at a certain spot at the tall platform and it was filled with a hot fighting intent. The place that the gaze was thrown to was the expected Lin Xiuya!
The gazes of the entire place followed Liu Qing"s sight and moved. Finally they stopped at Lin Xiuya"s body. They sensed the sharp head-to-head aura of both parties...
Chapter 558: The Start of the Grand Competition
The moment Xiao Yan reported his number Bai Cheng"s expression immediately stiffened. On top of it stiffening there was even an additional paleness.
Bai Cheng had bore a grudge for Xiao Yan ever since he had been defeated by his hands and he had been blaming his defeat on the matter of Xiao Yan swallowing the "Dragon Strength Pill"; perhaps this was because he did not want to admit to the true reason for losing. However at this instant an extremely faint fear rose in his heart. It appeared that although he was unwilling to admit it with his mouth but in a deep region of his heart he did indeed feel a fear toward Xiao Yan.
Bai Cheng tightened his grip on the bamboo stick in his hand and eyed the playful smile that hung on the corner of Xiao Yan"s mouth. His face twitched a little as he lowered his eyes. That gaze was like he had grabbed a ravenous wolf with his hand. Dammit even if I have to go all out this time around I won"t give you the opportunity to place in a top ten position on the "Strong Ranking".
Xiao Yan calmly eyed Bai Cheng who had lowered his head. He played with the bamboo stick in his hand but was not too worried in his heart. Back then when he was only a one star Dou Ling he had been able to defeat Bai Cheng. Now that his strength...
Chapter 559: Bei J
TL: I think that the name Bei Ju (\u8d1d\u5d0c) is a wordplay on the word bei ju (\u60b2\u5267) meaning tragedy
The laughter of the man directly caused some of the competitors on the tall platform who knew the reality of the situation to be silent. Even Liu Qing Lin Xiuya and the others could not even guarantee a fifty-percent chance of victory even if they went all out to face Zi Yan. Yet this fellow...
The man on the stage also sensed that there was something wrong with the gazes around him after he spoke those words. However he did not know the exact reason for it. The smile on his face stiffened a little as his gaze swept carefully over Zi Yan. How would he be able to see Zi Yan"s baseline with just his strength? In his eyes he could only sense that the latter"s body did not have very strong Dou Qi flowing. She appeared weak and appeared to be too frail to even receive a blow...
Zi Yan finally came to the arena under the numerous strange gazes from around. Her large dark-black eyes glanced at the man as her ten fingers crossed each other. With a gentle push her bones immediately emitted a cracking sound. She raised her head and eyed First Elder Su Qian and spoke in a proud and old manner "Hey old fellow. Can we begin?"
The entire stadium was immediately dumbfounded...
Chapter 560: Ruler Technique
Two human figures were facing each other from a distance within the spacious arena. One was black the other was white. They appeared extremely eye-catching in this pale-gray arena.
"It is actually Xiao Yan and Bai Cheng? These two fellows are colliding again..."
"Hee hee this is going to be a good show. I heard that after being defeated by Xiao Yan"s hands the last time around Bai Cheng had been telling others that it was because Xiao Yan had consumed the "Dragon Strength Pill". Now that they have met in this kind of competition that doesn"t allow the consumption of medicinal pills I wonder if he can come back from his previous loss?"
"I think that it will be very difficult. Xiao Yan even defeated Cheng Nan when he put up his fighting stage last time. He is a six or seven star elite Dou Ling with strength that is not any weaker than Bai Cheng..."
The extremely crowded viewing gallery immediately emitted quite a number of private conversations as they eyed the two people standing opposite each other. Most of the people in the Inner Academy recognized these two people who had once erupted in an intense fight. The battle in the fighting arena last time had established Xiao Yan"s position on the "Strong Ranking". However the loser Bai Sheng had his reputation diminished by quite a bit. It...
Chapter 561: Bloody Ground Eight Split
The face of Bai Cheng in the arena had suddenly become extremely blood-red. It attracted the attention of the people in the viewing gallery. Immediately numerous people were surprised as private conversations sounded.
Xiao Yan"s eyebrows were knit slightly. He could sense Bai Cheng"s aura had suddenly become much more powerful. Moreover the Dou Qi that writhed over him had clearly become at least twice as strong at this moment.
"Secret technique... it is unexpected that this fellow also practices one. However its increase seems to be much weaker than the "Skyfire Three Mysterious Change". From the looks of the strength of his Dou Qi it appears that it has merely raised his strength by one star. Moreover from the looks of his expression it is clear that it increases one"s strength by stimulating the boiling of one"s blood. This kind of method is one of the weaker types of secret techniques." Xiao Yan muttered softly. Normally speaking secret techniques were differentiated from good and bad. Something like how he stimulated the "Heavenly Flame" to increase his personal strength could be considered an excellent one while Bai Cheng"s one stimulated the blood to borrow its strength could be considered a lousy one. Moreover...
Chapter 562: Green Fire Armor
A human figure slowly walked out from the dust-filled area. The eye-catching green-colored flame was the first thing to appear as an unusual heat covered the stadium.
The human figure which had appeared was basically completely wrapped within a green-colored flame. Upon closer inspection the face of the human figure within the flame was completely blurred. However from the vague outline of the figure one could still identify that the person within the flame was Xiao Yan.
The green-colored flame at this moment was much richer and more ferocious compared to when Xiao Yan had displayed it during any other instance. The flame writhed. If one had sharp eyes then one would be able to discover that the green-colored flame appeared to have agglomerated into an extremely hard green fire armor on Xiao Yan"s body. Any attack would be turned into nothingness under this extremely hot temperature.
The large flame-armored person"s footsteps were low and deep as he slowly walked out of the dust-filled area. The air gradually distorted following the movement of his footsteps.
The entire stadium was silent as they eyed the enormous green flame-armored person that had appeared in their sight. Although they were uncertain about...
Chapter 563: Liu Qing"s Appearance
The entire stadium was silent as everyone eyed Bai Cheng who had collided heavily against the wall. No one knew if he was dead or alive. Quite a number of people could sense the degree of ferociousness behind Xiao Yan"s punch earlier despite being a great distance away. They did not dare to imagine whether they could still keep their little lives if that punch were to solidly connect with their body.
Xiao Yan slowly straightened his body within the arena. His tightly clenched fist trembled slightly as a trickle of blood followed the tip of his finger and dripped down. Although that attack earlier was indeed ferocious it also caused his fist to feel some pain after being shaken by the reverse force. However this was undoubtedly many times better compared to the ninety-percent of strength that Bai Cheng had to endure.
Xiao Yan raised his head. His gaze swept over the various expressions of everyone on the tall platform. After letting out a soft cough he turned his gaze toward Su Qian on the judges" seats.
Su Qian glanced at Bai Cheng below who no one knew was dead or alive after sensing Xiao Yan gaze which had shot over. He smiled bitterly and shook his head. After...
Chapter 564: Great Rift Coffin Splitting Claw
The entire stadium was completely silent as they eyed Liu Qing who was standing as straight as a spear rod in the arena. This situation was something that even Zi Yan had not enjoyed when she had appeared earlier. Although she may be the true number one seat on the "Strong Ranking" her reputation within the Inner Academy was incomparable to Liu Qing Lin Xiuya and the others because she had rarely exposed herself.
Liu Qing quietly stood in the arena. He ignored the various gazes around him. His eyes stayed shut as his hands hugged his chest waiting for his opponent to appear.
"Chi!"
A pale-blue human figure suddenly flashed onto the stage under the focus of everyone. The person who came forth was a young man wearing blue clothes. He was around twenty-four to twenty-five years old and his face could be considered handsome. However his face was currently covered with bitterness. Other than a few countable people within this Inner Academy it was likely that anyone else who picked Liu Qing as their opponent would also be this dispirited.
Ordinarily speaking by meeting Liu Qing in the first round of drawing lots one could be said to have completely lost the chance...
Chapter 565: Second Round
This match of Liu Qing were undoubtedly one of the few exciting fights in this competition. However given his strength a match this standard did not cause others to feel overly surprised.
After Liu Qing there were quite a number of experts who made their appearance one after another. Among them the one that garnered the most attention was undoubtedly the appearance of Lin Xiuya. However his match caused everyone to be neither able to laugh nor cry. This was because his opponent never appeared. Under the pressure of facing the number two on the "Strong Ranking" he chose to admit defeat and leave. Therefore Lin Xiuya had become the person who had the easiest time advancing. This also caused Liu Qing Xiao Yan and the others who wanted to observe Lin Xiuya"s tactics beforehand to feel somewhat disappointed.
The twenty-five matches on the first day lasted from morning until night before it was finally declared to have ended in front of the countless numbers of gazes that did not seem to enjoy it sufficiently. Although there were some competitors who did not display their strength well the "Strong Ranking" was ultimately the competition with the highest standards in the Inner Academy...
Chapter 566: Squaring Off Against Yao Sheng
The second round of the competition held a degree of excitement that far exceeded that of the elimination matches on the first day. Most of those people who were able to reach this point had an extremely great strength. However even with great strength they had to go all out if they wanted to obtain victory. Some of them would even fight until both competitors were seriously injured before one of them could luckily obtain a weak victory.
Following the full swing of progression of the second round of the competition the competitors in the stadium appeared one after another. After the end of an extremely ferocious match there was one who rejoiced while the other ended up in sorrow.
Xiao Yan eyed Wu Hao in the arena who was being suppressed by his opponent to the point of being stuck in a disadvantageous situation and could not resist letting out a sigh. Wu Hao could be considered to be out of luck today. The opponent he drew from the lots was actually an expert within the top ten of the "Strong Ranking". With this kind of gap which was close to a full class Wu Hao gradually fell into a disadvantaged situation even though he had gone all out to fight. At this moment control of the situation was basically completely within his opponents hands.
"It is already not bad that Wu Hao is able to reach this point. If he had met an opponent ranked in the twenties he might have been able to fight it out. However he is really quite unlucky to actually meet an opponent within the top ten of the "Strong Ranking". However I think that with Wu Hao"s character he will not feel much regret even if he is defeated by the hands of his opponent." Xun Er shook her head slightly and smiled as she spoke.
"Yes." Xiao Yan smiled and nodded. From the start Wu Hao did not compete with the aim of being in the top ten. His main intention for participating in the Grand Competition was to spar with the true experts within the Inner Academy. Currently his opponent had completely satisfied this hope of his. Hence he would not be dejected even if he lost.
"Instead Xiao Yan ge-ge you need to be cautious of Yao Sheng. This person is also a little troublesome. You must be careful when you fight him." Xun Er reminded with a gentle voice.
"You can rest assured." Xiao Yan smiled slightly. He had once exchanged blows with Yao Sheng. Additionally Lin Xiuya had also given him some tips. Therefore Xiao Yan understood Yao Sheng quite well and would naturally not underestimate the latter.
"There are twenty-four competitors in the entire arena. In other words there will be twelve remaining people after today"s matches. According to the special rules of the Grand Competition six people will be randomly chosen to decide the names of the top ten who will confront...
Chapter 567: Overcoming the "Black Water World"
The entire stadium was silent as the black-robed young man flapped his wings suspended in mid-air.
Su Qian"s face on the judges" seats was also somewhat stunned. However his eyes were naturally far from what the others could compare with. This was because when his gaze once again swept over the wings on Xiao Yan"s back his stunned look gradually turned to a sudden understanding. "It is actually a Flying Dou Technique. Hei it is really unexpected that this little fellow is even able to get his hands on such a rare Dou Technique."
As Su Qian pointed it out the other Elders also came to a sudden understanding. An ordinary person might not have heard very much about the Flying Dou Techniques. However with their experience they have heard a little about such extremely rare Dou Techniques.
"Fortunately... I almost thought for a second there that this little fellow had advanced to the Dou Wang class." Some of the Elders quietly wiped off the cold sweat on their foreheads. They had went all out to desperately train for decades in order to achieve their current strength. If this young man below who was not even twenty had achieved this step they would truly feel grief and indignation. Moreover...
Chapter 568: Victorious!
Yao Sheng"s face was a furious green as he eyed Xiao Yan in the sky who had a mocking smile hanging on the corner of his lips. His hands tightened their grip on the daggers as he said coldly "Even without the "Black Water World" you will be defeated sooner or later. I don"t believe that that secret technique of yours to raise your strength can endure for long."
"It is sufficient enough to finish you off." Xiao Yan laughed softly. His arm shook a little as powerful green-colored Dou Qi carrying threads of green-colored flames that were difficult to discover leaped and climbed onto the heavy ruler. His gaze stared intently at Yao Sheng below whose entire body was tense. An instant later Xiao Yan suddenly flapped his wings only to hear a slight "shua" sound. Immediately a vague black shadow strangely appeared behind the back of Yao Sheng"s head. The heavy ruler in his hand carried a wild and violent force as it was viciously hacked downward. That ferocious wind appeared to be intent on tearing the air in front of him apart.
Yao Sheng sensed something the moment the wind from his back sounded. His feet stomped heavily on the ground and a black water vapor abruptly...
Chapter 569: Dazzling
Xiao Yan"s calm voice reverberated around the arena causing the numerous private conversations to abruptly cease. Numerous gazes that contained different kinds of emotion repeatedly looked back and forth between the person standing in the arena and at the miserable looking Yao Sheng outside of the arena with a pale-white face.
The silence continued for a moment before a clear clapping sound abruptly started. Immediately a chain effect appeared to have occurred as an orderly applause came roaring from the stadium and soared to the clouds.
Xiao Yan raised his head as he heard the applause that filled the stadium. He looked at the place where Xun Er was at. At this moment this girl was smiling sweetly. Her delicate hands elegantly clapped and produced a moving applause. The first claps that had sounded earlier came from this spot.
Xiao Yan smiled at Xun Er before once again turning his head. His gaze was thrown in the direction where Liu Qing and the others were. Upon seeing the former looking over Liu Qing"s gaze meet with his. His chin gave a slight nod without leaving a trace before it faintly turned away. Liu Fei who was gritting her teeth and...
Chapter 570: One pester and one strong
Not long after Liu Qing entered and left the arena Xiao Yan had finally waited long enough to see Lin Xiuya"s appearance in the arena. Xiao Yan had been extremely curious of this expert who was ranked in front of Liu Qing. Li Xiuya had been unable to display the sharpness that was associated with his rank deep in the mountains since his opponent was a Dou Wang class Magical Beast and he was busy dodging the entire time. However from the looks of how he could still jump around in such a lively manner after receiving such a heavy blow from the "Snow Demon Sky Ape" which had awoken its wild and violent bloodline it seemed that the strength of this fellow belonged to a frightening group.
The appearance of Lin Xiuya was undoubtedly one of the few highlights of today"s competition. Moreover his popularity within the Inner Academy was something that even Liu Qing could not compare with. His normally approachable warm manner made it extremely easy to let others get a good feeling about him. Even someone as tenacious as Xiao Yan had difficulty forming any enmity toward him. Therefore as he entered the arena the surrounding viewing...
Chapter 571: Scroll
The moon was like a silver plate as faint moonlight scattered down from the sky covering the entire Inner Academy in a layer of obscure silver yarn-like cover.
Xiao Yan sat cross-legged on the bed within his room training continuously. Threads of energy surfaced from his natural surroundings before finally pouring unceasingly into his body.
"Xiao Yan ge-ge are you asleep?" A soft knock suddenly appeared after the training progressed for nearly an hour. Xun Er"s gentle voice was immediately transmitted into the room.
Xiao Yan slowly opened his eyes and glanced with uncertainty toward the door before speaking with a smile "Come in."
The door emitted a sound as it was pushed open and a green-clothed young lady slowly walked in. Under the reflection of the faint moonlight from the window at her side her elegant and beautiful face caused others to involuntarily revel in it.
The young lady"s tall body stood prettily in front of Xiao Yan. The faint delicate fragrance that came floating over caused Xiao Yan to feel a throbbing in his heart. Without realizing it that small follower who had wondered about behind him back then had now become watery and moving.
Xiao Yan came down from the bed. His gaze stared at her exquisite...
Chapter 572: Contesting for the Top Ten
Night slowly elapsed under the flow of time. When the last sliver of the moon disappeared from the horizon a faint light began to expel the darkness of the land.
Following the first rays of sunlight scattering into the Inner Academy the quiet atmosphere immediately announced its disappearance. Today was the day that the top ten of the "Strong Ranking" Grand Competition were to be determined. With the progression of the Grand Competition up to this point it could basically be said that it had entered a true climax. All the students of the Inner Academy were awaiting the new top ten experts on the "Strong Ranking" to be chosen.
The spacious stadium was crowded by many people in an extremely short period of time. A passionate noisy sound repeatedly reverberated by everyone"s ears. That fiery hot atmosphere infected everyone who entered the arena.
By the time Xiao Yan and the others had arrived at the tall platform the place had already become overcrowded. Over half of the competitors had been eliminated after the two days of elimination but it was extremely good for those people to observe a match at such a high level even if they could no longer participate.
At this moment Xiao Yan had undoubtedly become the biggest dark horse in...
Chapter 573: The Contest Between The Novice Dark Horse And A Veteran Expert
Everyone on the tall platform looked at each other. It was really unexpected that the biggest dark horse would meet a true tiger that would block his path at such a critical juncture. It was likely that only Zi Yan and Lin Xiuya possessed the strength to fight Liu Qing in the Inner Academy. Although Xiao Yan"s performance in the two battles earlier had been impeccable there was undoubtedly still an extremely large gap when compared to a true peak expert on the "Strong Ranking" like Liu Qing.
"This Xiao Yan can be considered to be unlucky..." Yan Hao sighed as he spoke to Lin Xiuya beside him.
Han Yue also knit her brows slightly. Although she already held a high opinion of Xiao Yan"s strength she had no choice but to admit that there was still a big gap when one truly compared him with a strong person like Liu Qing.
Lin Xiuya"s expression was calm. No one knew what he was thinking. It was a long while later before he softly spoke "We should come to the conclusion after the match. Although I also think that the chances of Xiao Yan losing are high I also cannot deny that he similarly has some chance of victory. His match with Liu Qing ugh... it is difficult to say."
The few people by his side nodded slightly. Their gazes involuntarily swept toward Liu Qing"s position. At this moment the forehead of the latter also...
Chapter 574: Seething
The entire stadium was silent. The gazes of everyone were all gathered on the two people on the tall platform.
Liu Qing was the first to move under the observation of everyone. He slowly stood up and immediately strode to the edge of the tall platform under Liu Fei"s worshipping gaze. Finally his body flashed and leaped down.
Liu Qing"s legs stomped heavily onto the arena. He raised his head and his gaze turned toward the position where Xiao Yan was located. His eyes had some fieriness within them. The opponent that he viewed the most highly within this "Strong Ranking" Grand Competition was Lin Xiuya. He did not view any other competitors too seriously. However the significantly strong fighting strength that Xiao Yan had displayed during these past two days was also able to cause a strong person like Liu Qing to pay attention and view him a little more seriously. Being able to fight with this dark horse that had caught the most attention before his fight with Lin Xiuya was much like having an appetizer before the big meal. Hence his interest in this match was quite great.
As Liu Qing entered the arena all the gazes in the stadium immediately gathered onto Xiao Yan alone. Many people wanted to...
Chapter 575: The Collision Between the Octane Blast and the Great Rift Coffin Splitting Claw
The two human figures appeared to be like meteors colliding as they crashed under the gazes of the countless number of people. Monstrous Dou Qi ripples from the fallout were shot all over the place.
"Chi!"
The heavy ruler in his hand cut through the air much like a black-colored lightning bolt. It carried a ferocious wind that caused the air to distort. It violently hacked down toward the unmoving Liu Qing who was like an imposing mountain. Under that powerful force even the air under the ruler was completely expelled. A low sonic boom resounded much like an underground explosion oppressing and horrifying people.
The powerful suppressing wind caused Liu Qing"s clothes to be glued to his skin. However his face did not move just because of the heavy ruler that came hacking over ferociously. His eyes indifferently watched the increasingly heavy ruler. When it was merely half a foot from his head Liu Qing finally took a random gentle step to the left.
The heavy ruler landed strongly but it glanced past Liu Qing"s arm narrowly as it fell. It did not have the slightest contribution. The instant that the attack missed Liu Qing"s left hand curled slightly. It immediately slapped to the left side in front of him.
The seemingly careless slap by the hand claw slapped...
Chapter 576: Explode
As Xiao Yan"s laughter sounded the green-colored flame on his body had instantly wrapped firmly around him until he had disappeared underneath the armor within the blink of an eye.
Having been prepared the agglomeration of Xiao Yan"s flame armor was so fast that it was frightening. By the time Liu Qing"s sharp hand claw suddenly came in close contact with Xiao Yan"s body the flame armor had already completely taken shape.
Liu Qing"s eyes shrank slightly at the flame armor that had suddenly appeared. Being in such close contact the extremely hot temperature of the flame armor caused his body to faintly transmit a searing pain. His heart was immediately shocked. This fellow"s green flame was indeed a little strange.
"I just want to see whether this armor of yours can truly defend against all attacks?" The attack was imminent and it was too late for him to withdraw it. Hence a coldness surged within Liu Qing"s eyes as his attack charged forward instead of pulling back. The Dou Qi within his body surged wildly as a pale-golden Dou Qi shot out an eye-piercing glow isolating the hot temperature.
Due to the stimulation of the Dou Qi in his body Liu Qing"s claw hand had...
Chapter 577: One Move
The collapsing-mountain and cracking-land explosion reverberated like rolling thunder in the spacious arena under a countless number of shocked gazes.
A majestic destructive wind was much like a storm carrying a high temperature as it swept in all directions from the spot in the arena where the flame lotus had exploded! The ground within the arena cracked wherever the storm passed. A crack line that was as thick as an arm began to swiftly spread over the entire arena like a spider web. That seemingly tough fighting arena had completely turned into a mess in an extremely short amount of time.
Numerous stunned gazes stared foolishly at the arena that was completely destroyed from the viewing gallery. Their minds were somewhat unable to come to terms with it. They did not expect that the cluster of green-purple light which had not been clearly seen would actually be able to create such a frightening destructive strength!
It was a long time later before everyone gradually recovered from their dull state. All the gazes were abruptly turned to the pale-faced black-robed young man whose chest was rising and falling repeatedly. Without exception the eyes of these people were filled with surprise...
Chapter 578: The Collision Between the Great Splitting Rock and the Flame Splitting Tsunami!
An unusual wild and violent energy fluctuation suddenly rippled over the arena as the clear voice reverberated. Those people who were the first to sense this ripple were the Elders sitting in the judges" seats. Immediately their expressions underwent a sudden change. Their gazes all suddenly turned at almost the same time. Finally they stopped on the black-robed young man who was proudly standing in the arena while carrying the heavy ruler in his hand. The source of that wild and violent ripple was from this place.
The Elders on the viewing gallery faced each other. Immediately their throats rolled slightly. This energy ripple was at least a couple of times stronger compared to the fire lotus that had an extremely terrifying destructive strength earlier.
"This fellow... just how many trump cards does he have?" At this moment those Elders could not help but feel a troubled feeling despite their strength. Although Xiao Yan"s current strength was merely that of a Dou Ling other than a few of the Elders in the stadium each of them questioned themselves and realized that it was likely that not one of them who would not feel a headache when faced with Xiao Yan"s never ending powerful Dou Techniques.
Following the increasingly wild and violent energy ripple in the arena threads of substance-like hot pale-red energy suddenly seeped out from the empty space. Finally it shrouded Xiao Yan"s body and rotated wildly. Following the rotation of this pale-red energy a wild wind suddenly surfaced and immediately swept...
Chapter 579: A Breath Remains
The enormous dark-red glow rushed through the air in a lightning-like manner. A slight energy seeped out wherever it passed causing the huge rocks on the ground to be shattered into powder. Moreover the nearly half a meter wide crack line swiftly expanding on the ground completely destroyed this arena.
The golden-colored bright intense light occupied half of the sky in the arena. The dark-red glow was like a crescent as it shot out. The two contained an extremely sharp glow and the space along the way vibrated. Crack lines spread out and a frightening destructive force caused the faces of everyone in the viewing platform to fill with shock and fear. If they were in that position it was likely that the little energy that seeped out would be sufficient to shock them to death. A fight of this level was a little too terrifying.
The two extremely frightening attacks were about to collide with a bang. Te countless number of eyes watching reflected the golden and dark-red glow as the two attacks came together like meteorites!
The hearts of everyone were involuntarily lifted the moment when the two were very close. Just who would be victorious in this...
Chapter 580: Coming to a Close
Everyone watched the black-robed young man who was raising his hand with great difficulty. His face was covered with traces of blood as he tried his best to prevent his eyes from closing. All of them were speechless. This fellow... was really a strong man who could not be beaten to death. He was still able to maintain some consciousness even after receiving such a frightening retaliation of the remnant Dou Technqiues.
Surprise flashed across Su Qian"s face. At this moment Xiao Yan had clearly reached his true limit. The thing that supported him to keep his eyes open was perhaps that determination of having to enter the top ten.
Su Qian laughed bitterly and shook his head. He mused for a long while before slowly speaking "This match ends in a draw. In other words the both of you can be considered to have entered the top ten together. Therefore you need not worry."
Xiao Yan half consciously heard these words of Su Qian. Only then did his tensed heart relax. His eyelids were swiftly shut and his consciousness gradually descended into darkness...
Su Qian sighed once again as he eyed Xiao Yan who had truly entered into an unconscious state at this moment. With Xiao Yan and Liu Qing"s current injuries it was likely that they...
Chapter 581: Recuperation
The two or three days after the "Strong Ranking" Grand Competition had come to a close the entire Inner Academy was still remained in shock from those soul-stirring battles. Everybody in the Inner Academy was discussing the battles that occurred during the "Strong Ranking" Grand Competition. Among those the two battles of Xiao Yan against Liu Qing and Xun Er against Lin Xiuya were naturally the ones which were relished the most. This was especially the case for the latter. Everyone"s faces still carried a shocked expression when discussing the latter. No one expected that this young lady who appeared quite quiet despite having a stunning appearance would actually hide such a frightening strength.
In the past there were even some people in the Inner Academy who had quietly mocked her as a flower vase because of her appearance. However after this incident everyone finally understood that the most frightening person within "Pan"s Gate" was not Xiao Yan. Instead it was the beautiful young lady who was always obediently behind him.
Borrowing the momentum that Xun Er and Xiao Yan had established the reputation and status...
Chapter 582: Advancement of Strength
Xun Er quietly sat to one side in the quiet secret chamber. Her delicate hand held her cheeks and under her green-colored sleeves revealed snow-white wrists. A pair of bright treasure-like pupils used the little gentle light to stared at Xiao Yan who was sitting in a cross-legged manner with his eyes tightly shut.
It had been five days since the "Strong Ranking" Grand Competition. However Xiao Yan had still not shown any traces of waking up from his training. This caused Wu Hao and the others to be quite worried. They had suggested forcefully waking the former up from his training state a couple of times but they were all stopped by Xun Er. With her eyesight she was naturally able to sense that the Dou Qi in Xiao Yan"s body was surging by the day. By the time he truly awoke his strength would definitely advance greatly from the time when he was seriously injured. If he was woken up at this time it would undoubtedly mean that he would lose this excellent advancement opportunity.
"Looks like there are no results today..." Xun Er sighed gently again after seeing that Xiao Yan still did not have any trace of waking up despite having waited for...
Chapter 583: Deputy Commander of the Black Submerged Army Ling Quan
Xiao Yan"s days had once again become as calm as before after waking up. Although he would attract quite a number of surprised and various kinds of gazes each time he revealed himself in the Inner Academy it became natural to him after getting used to it. After a long time Xiao Yan was able to reach the point of completely ignoring them.
Although the Grand Competition had already ended the matter regarding entry into the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower" was being pushed back perhaps in order to provide the competitors sufficient time to recuperate. This caused Xiao Yan who was filled with anticipation to begin feeling that it was difficult to pass the time.
Xiao Yan did not enter the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower" to train during this period of time as he had just raised his strength by two stars. Instead he chose to quietly refine the Dou Qi within his body that had suddenly soared. This kind of sudden large increase in his Dou Qi may cause people"s hearts to be filled with joy but such an abrupt surge did not have the same kind of firmness of Dou Qi that one received upon advancing one step at a time. Superficially advancing was a taboo...
Chapter 584: Separated
"Ling Quan shut your mouth! The Xiao clan and our clan have a treaty of alliance. How can we allow you to open your mouth to insult them?" Xun Er shouted sternly toward Ling Quan. Her heart became anxious as she sensed Xiao Yan"s expression becoming darker and colder.
"Ke ke xiao-jie you need not be angry. It is just that I am a little outspoken." Ling Quan smiled. He changed his words only to suddenly say "However the clan head instructed me before my journey that I should inquire about the location of the key from the Xiao clan if I meet Young Master Xiao Yan."
When he spoke until this point Ling Quan smiled and turned his gaze toward Xiao Yan "May I inquire if Young Master Xiao Yan can inform me?"
Xun Er"s heart shook when she heard this being afraid that Xiao Yan would reveal some traces. She was just about to interrupt when Xiao Yan by the side knit his brows and asked uncertainly "Key?"
Ling Quan frowned as he watched Xiao Yan"s doubtful expression. He quietly spoke in his heart "Don"t tell me he doesn"t know? Now that the Xiao clan has fallen apart no one knows whether the "Hall of Souls" has snatched the key. It would be troublesome if they have already obtained i...
Chapter 585: Entering the Lowest Level of the Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower
Xiao Yan coincidentally met both Wu Hao and Hu Jia the moment he returned to "Pan"s Gate". The two saw the former"s gloomy face and looked at each other. They did not understand who had angered this fellow whose face always carried a smile.
Their gazes drifted toward Xiao Yan"s back. Hu Jia appeared to have discovered something as she involuntarily asked in a soft voice "Where is Xun Er?"
Xiao Yan slowly sighed and replied "She left."
"Left?" Wu Hao and Hu Jia were immediately stunned when they heard this. Their faces were immediately filled with surprise "Where has she gone to? When will she be back?"
"She has returned to her clan. It is likely that she will not return again in the future." Xiao Yan"s footsteps paused at the main entrance and spoke in a faint voice. He immediately pushed the door and entered. After which the door emitted a "bang" and was heavily shut.
Wu Hao and Hu Jia stared blankly at the tightly shut main entrance. It was a long while later before they sighed in a somewhat desolate manner. After having gotten along for so long nearly everyone within "Pan"s Gate" had nothing but esteem and respect toward that young lady who always carried a gentleness and a smile. It was natural that their hearts felt as though something was lacking now that they heard...
Chapter 586: Essence Heart Flame
The bright light immediately became much darker after entering the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower". Xiao Yan raised his gaze only to see Su Qian pausing at this place appearing to be waiting for them.
Su Qian smiled at Xiao Yan when he saw that the latter was the first to enter. He eyed the expression which showed he had recovered to his previous self and nodded his head feeling pleased. He quietly praised in his heart "This little fellow not only possesses shocking talent but his character is also this tough. It is not a coincidence that he has so many achievements."
Lin Yan Lin Xiuya and the others came in one after another not long after Xiao Yan entered. The eleven people stopped in front of Su Qian. Other than Zi Yan who had an impatient face the others appeared a little enthusiastic.
"Hey Xiao Yan I have eaten all of my stuff. You must help me refine some once we leave this place." Zi Yan ignored Su Qian as she leaped to Xiao Yan"s side. She pulled his sleeves while swinging her pale-purple pony tail and muttered "I hate coming to this tower the most."
"Yes." Xiao Yan slightly nodded his head. He clearly knew that Zi Yan"s original form was a Magical Beast. Hence she had somewhat of a mentality that rejected flames....
Chapter 587: The Pain of Refining One"s Body
As the clusters of invisible flame entered into the forehead of Xiao Yan and the others the bodies of the eleven of them immediately began to tremble via a varying degree. Soon after their faces began to flush red to the degree of burning coal. There were even threads of white fog seeping out from everyone"s head.
Su Qian nodded slightly as he saw the flushed red faces of the eleven of them. He instructed the two Elders. "Watch them carefully. Don"t let any accidents occur."
The two Elders bowed and received the orders. A gray-robed Elder among them sighed "I wonder how many people will be able to successfully endure this time around?"
"This kind of refinement of one"s body with the "Heart Flame" is far from those "Heart Flames" used to train with in the upper few levels can compare with. This kind of searing pain is something that even someone with great mental strength may not have absolute confidence in being able to endure through it all." Su Qian spoke faintly.
The other Elder smiled bitterly and nodded. He said "There were only four among the last batch of top ten in the "Strong Ranking" who managed to endure through it. The remaining six failed...
Chapter 588: Fallen Heart Flame Erupt!
At the lowest level of the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower" there was a scene that was completely different from the top levels. The hot temperature that was rising within the enormous space even caused one"s vision to become hazy. When one gently inhaled a breath into one"s body one immediately felt like one was inhaling a breath of flames.
A fiery-red light had seeped out from an unknown source and lit up the entire space until it became quite bright. The middle area of this space also had an extremely spacious deep hole. The entrance of this deep hole was bigger than any of the upper levels. Its interior was also not black in color but filled with a kind of dark-pale-redness like that of coagulated blood.
An energy barrier that was visible to the naked eye formed a circular pillar and firmly locked the place just outside of the deep hole. The surface of the energy barrier was filled with somewhat mysterious varying lines. They were like snakes passing by leaving behind various winding dents. Additionally the energy barrier at this spot was extremely wild and violent. Threads of powerful energy ripples spread out repeatedly....
Chapter 589: Breaching the Seal!
The colorful energy barrier was like a cover with a beautiful hue sealing the deep hole in an extremely firm manner. The moment the energy barrier took shape the surrounding space immediately began to form waves of ripples. Clearly the energy contained within this energy barrier which appeared to have been carelessly agglomerated was extremely powerful.
This kind of extremely powerful energy barrier was a seal that the Inner Academy had already set up a long time ago. Any Elder was able to activate it during a critical moment. Its purpose was to guard against the sudden eruption of the "Fallen Heart Flame".
Although the energy barrier was powerful its body appeared to be like the surface of a lake where a giant rock had been thrown in. A wave of extremely great heat approached in the blink of an eye. Waves of extremely rapid fluctuation were stirring.
"Bang!"
The enormous blood-red magma suddenly erupted out from the endless underground before carrying a strength that could move mountains and flip seas as it violently struck at that colorful energy barrier. Immediately a muffled sound reverberated over the entire bottom level of the tower. The instant that the sound...
Chapter 590: Breaking Through the Tower!
Under the shocked gazes of everyone the blood-colored magma pillar carried a hot magma flow as it charged through the final seal from every direction. Immediately it collided violently against the tip of the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower".
"Bang!"
The low deep furious thunder-like explosion suddenly rumbled beside everyone"s ears. During this meteorite-like collision Xiao Yan clearly sensed that the entire "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower" had shaken violently.
Everyone"s expression was a little pale as they watched the fiery hot magma that was erupting from that deep hole. Even though they were isolated by an energy barrier they could still faintly sense its high temperature.
The blood-colored magma pillar collided heavily with the tip of the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower". However the magma did not shake the latter until it broke because of its ferocious forward momentum. The instant they collided a layer of a somewhat dark thin energy barrier immediately surfaced at the dark-black tip of the tower. This energy barrier that was not even as thick as one"s finger may have appeared to be thin and weak but this thin layer of dark-black energy managed to completely stop that incomparably ferocious magma pillar!
The attack...
Chapter 591: Thousand Layer Sealing Formation
The hot magma flow was like a fire pillar which erupted from the top of the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower" in a straight manner. In that instant the natural energy within the entire Inner Academy suddenly began to run rampant.
After breaking through the seal of the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower" an excited sharp hiss was suddenly emitted from the magma flow in a lightning-like manner. Immediately the magma came shattering down from all directions and a ferocious flame would rise wherever it passed. Hence in a short period of time the area that was nearly a couple of dozens of meters around the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower" transformed into a sea of flames.
While the magma spilled downward an enormous invisible fire python that was hundreds of feet long immediately shot out explosively from within. It sensed the freedom that it had not experienced for a long time and those enormous triangular eyes were filled with an extremely human-like wild joy.
Countless numbers of students were on some of the three tops over a hundred meters away from the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower". Their faces were filled with shock as they watched that enormous...
Chapter 592: Calling Out to Friends and Allies
There was a city named Feng City sitting outside the long mountain range around the Inner Academy. The city was not very large. However it possessed an extremely important position in the "Black-Corner Region". This was because this was the place that the medicinal king of the "Black-Corner Region" Han Feng resided.
As the top alchemist in the "Black-Corner Region" Han Feng who had long since become a tier 6 alchemist held quite a high position in the hearts of many factions and experts. Of course a tier 6 alchemist was quite rare even in the entire continent. Even an ordinary Dou Huang or Dou Zong would have to be a little courteous when meeting him. After all everyone knew just what kind of gathering strength a tier 6 alchemist possessed!
Feng City. This city was named after Han Feng"s name. Such a special honor was something that extremely few people within this chaotic "Black-Corner Region" which was filled with massacre could enjoy. Han Feng was one of them!
The middle of the city was a bamboo forest which was completely different from the noisy marketplace outside. This bamboo forest possessed an extremely tight defense. An ordinary person could forget about entering. Even if they were...
Chapter 593: Joining Hands to Seal!
The appearance of Hu Gan and the others were undoubtedly reinforcements causing the state of the Elders who had already reached their limits to be bolstered.
"Everyone listen up exchange spots with a couple of the Elders!" Hu Gan waved his hand at the large group of people who had instantly flashed and appeared in the sky outside of the energy barrier. Immediately over ten experts that had hurried over from the Outer Academy flew up. They successfully received the task of maintaining the energy barrier with great cooperation.
The few Elders also sighed in relief when the heavy burden was received. They cupped their hands toward Hu Gan and the others with gratitude before flying down from the sky and sitting crossed legged on the ground in order to swiftly recover their exhausted Dou Qi.
Although the experts that Hu Gan had brought over from the Outer Academy were a little weaker than the Elders of the Inner Academy they were better off in terms of having a quite a lot of them. Hence despite the colorful energy web being slightly dimmer it was still able to withstand the wild attacks of the invisible flame.
Su Qian"s heart also sighed in relief as he sensed the increasingly weakening attacking strength...
Chapter 594: Incomplete Flame Mantra
The laughter that had suddenly appeared above caused the cheer that had resounded over the place to suddenly stop. Countless numbers of students watched the large group of people who had appeared in the sky in a stunned manner and were somewhat unable to make heads or tails of the situation.
In the sky Su Qian"s expression was dark and solemn as he glared at the group of people who had appeared by breaking through the mirror. His gaze slowly paused on the man who was wearing an alchemist robe at the front. His eyes immediately began to slowly narrow as he coldly laughed "I thought I recognized you. It is actually the medicinal emperor Han Feng from the "Black-Corner Region"."
"Ke ke First Elder is too courteous. That name is something that was randomly given to me by my friends from the "Black-Corner Region". I am really not worthy of it." The thin lips of the man who was addressed as Han Feng carried a slight smile as he spoke to Su Qian.
"Han Feng this is a place that belongs to my Jia Nan Academy. What are all of you planning to do by coming uninvited?" Hu Gan"s expression had similar appeared quite ugly because of the appearance of...
Chapter 595: Chaotic Great Battle
Two human figures surfaced in the sky in a strange manner. One of them was in a golden robe while the other was in a silver one. However if one were to look carefully one would be able to discover that the faces of the two were basically identical. They had white hair and beards and their features appeared to be carved out from a mold.
The names of these two people were not unfamiliar even to the Elders within the Inner Academy. It was due to this that their expressions changed slightly. The so-called Mister Gold and Mister Silver were two of the top experts ranked on the "Black-Corner Ranking" in the "Black-Corner Region". Due to the two of them being twins and their Qi Method were completely the same these two people whose strength were similar to only a peak Dou Huang experts when they were apart were able to complement each others strength when they fought an opponent together. They possessed quite a great chance of victory even when facing an Dou Zong. Hence the names of these two were extremely renowned throughout the expert level of the "Black-Corner Region". This caused even the Elders within the Inner Academy to have heard of...
Chapter 596: Fighting Fan Lao
The thunder-like roar that suddenly appeared on the horizon also caused Xiao Yan"s entire body to tremble. He hurriedly turned around only to find a blood-red human figure swiftly expanding within his eyesight.
"This is bad. How did this old fellow discover me?" Xiao Yan had clearly heard Fan Lao"s cry. Therefore he was stunned in his heart. At the same time the wings on his back flapped swiftly and his body flashed in a lightning-like manner with the intention of shaking off Fan Lao.
"Xiu!"
Xiao Yan"s body had just turned around when a sharp wind flashed toward him. A chill appeared in his heart as he forcefully twisted his body and he narrowly dodged the blood-red force. His body shot back as he scolded angrily in his heart "Old dog you are really vicious."
Fan Lao"s face was green and filled with a poisonous look. His eyes stared intently at Xiao Yan as the blood-colored wings on his back flapped. His body transformed into a bloody figure that shot explosively toward Xiao Yan. A dense chilly blood-colored Dou Qi swiftly agglomerated in his hand.
Although Xiao Yan also had the help of a flying Dou Technique its flying speed was unable to compare with true Dou Qi wings. Hence in merely...
Chapter 597: Helping Hand
A couple of human figures were suspended in the air opposing each other in the distant sky outside of the chaotic battleground. Behind one group was an enormous blood ball net that was extremely eye-catching.
"Give me three minutes!" Xiao Yan"s gaze swept toward Zi Yan and the three others outside as he suddenly spoke.
Zi Yan and the three others were stunned before they immediately nodded slightly.
"Tsk tsk with just you three Dou Wangs? Moreover two of you only have half a foot in the Dou Wang class. Yet you hope to delay me?" Fan Lao let out a strange laugh.
"Old fellow you really are full of crap." Zi Yan curled her mouth and scolded. She immediately shouted to Liu Qing and Lin Xiuya beside her "I am about to attack the two of you should be careful!" Her voice had just sounded when the lovely little figure trembled slightly. Without waiting for a reply she shot toward Fan Lao who was not far away. Her little fist was slightly tightened as a frightening energy was brewed on it.
Seeing Zi Yan act Liu Qing and Lin Xiuya both felt helpless. They hurriedly moved their bodies and followed quickly. The Dou Qi within their bodies was unleashed to the maximum. They clearly understood that their opponent this time around was stronger than any other one they had faced. If they were careless it was very possible that they would be seriously injured or even be killed on the spot.
Zi Yan and the other two who had suddenly rose to the air to support Xiao Yan undoubtedly became the focus of attention of all the Inner Academy"s students on the ground. The four who were called the peak experts among the Inner Academy students were facing off against an elite Dou Huang. This exciting battle caused many people to feel their...
Chapter 598: Green Flame Everywhere!
The sudden appearance of a powerful aura that was not the slightest bit weaker than an elite in the Dou Huang class not only caused the countless of students in the distance to be stunned but even the chaotic battlefield in the sky had appeared slightly silent because of it.
Numerous gazes swept toward the area where the aura erupted. Many experts were startled when they saw the source of the aura. Upon seeing Fan Lao who was facing the source on the opposite side their expression became different. The faces of those who regarded Han Feng as the leader immediately became ugly. At this moment when they were evenly matched the impact an elite Dou Huang possessed was quite great. One could even say that it could decide the final victor...
Su Qian Hu Gan and the other experts within the Inner Academy may be stunned at Xiao Yan who had suddenly erupted but the majority of their feelings were of joy... At this moment Xiao Yan was undoubtedly a reinforcement who had made an extremely timely appearance. With his help their side of the battleground would be able to have at least one less expert Dou Huang. This would undoubtedly greatly reduce the pressure that the Elders ...
Chapter 599: Sea Heart Flame
The green flame curled over the sky. Waves of distortion appeared in the air wherever one looked. A great heat spread through the air and was transmitted covering the entire Inner Academy within it.
Numerous gazes from the ground were stunned as they watched the green-colored flame that was curling out like a burning grassland. They could not help but wipe their cold sweat away. Such a frightening imposing feeling was indeed a little too terrifying.
The middle of where the green flame spread was a cluster of bloody sea that was merely ten feet wide. At this moment the sea of blood that was originally expanding in an extremely domineering manner had swiftly begun to curl up under the frightening temperature of the surrounding flames. Waves of pale-blood fog repeatedly seeped out from within it before turning into nothingness.
The surface of the sea of blood slowly shrank under the repeatedly rising blood fog. According to this speed it was likely that the surroundings would be completely vaporized by the sea of fire.
"Heavenly Flame?" The sky immediately emitted numerous extremely shocked cries as the green-colored flame curled toward the sky. The gazes of some people immediately turned involuntarily...
Chapter 600: Great and Terrible Explosion
Xiao Yan"s soft cold laughter was just like throwing a basin of cold water into oil. Immediately a wave of blood-red majestic Dou Qi came surging out in all directions from within the body of the ferocious looking Fan Lao!
Three shriveled pale-white claw-like hands were abruptly thrust forth and formed some strange seals with lightning-like speed. One could see that the Dou Qi that was surging out fluctuated a little before a dark-red blood spear that was as thick as two arms swiftly formed and appeared in everyone"s eyes.
Fan Lao extended his hand claw as the blood spear took form grabbing it firmly. He lifted his head and moved his mouth slightly while facing Xiao Yan revealing his somewhat sharp and dense white teeth.
The wings on his back were flapped abruptly and a sharp angry roar immediately carried an incomparable amount of killing intent as it erupted from within Fan Lao"s mouth. Under this clear sonic wave the latter"s body appeared to drift with the wind as it turned into an extremely vague blood figure that approached Xiao Yan in a lightning-like manner. The long spear in his hand carried a dense wind as it viciously...
Chapter 601: Similar Thought
"Bang!"
The rolling thunder-like explosion that caused mountains to collapse and the land to split suddenly resounded in the distant sky. At that instant countless people had their ears temporarily deafened under this thunderous sound.
A tornado-like energy ripple erupted from the point of contact between the green-colored energy pillar and the blood-colored energy under the clear sky before sweeping through the entire place as a countless number of shocked gazes watched.
The space became unbearably distorted at the point where the energy came into contact. Deep folds could be clearly seen. This collision of the full forced attack between Xiao Yan and Fan Lao had even caused space itself to be blasted apart. The collision between Dou Huangs was actually this frightening.
The energy storm that was filled with green-colored flame and blood-colored energy was hundreds of feet wide. It appeared like an enormous person that stood between the heavens and earth. As the storm churned violently the destructive force it emitted also caused the expressions of the numerous strong people in the sky to involuntarily change.
The bottom of the energy storm was connected to the Inner Academy. Countless numbers of buildings...
Chapter 602: Extermination
The sound of rushing wind that was brought about by the human figures flashing about sounded repeatedly in the blue sky. The energy explosions were like that of firecrackers sounding again and again. Powerful energy ripples were something that one could still vaguely sense despite being over fifty meters away.
Most of the Inner Academy was currently destroyed by the remnant waves that had spread out from the fight. This caused some of the Inner Academy students to have little choice but to move to an even further place to avoid the remnant ripples.
While they withdrew numerous gazes focused intently on the great chaotic battle in the sky. Most of the gazes carried a wild heat and excitement as they paused on a certain battleground. At this place a young figure had erupted recklessly. His opponent an expert Dou huang who had quite the reputation within the "Black-Corner Region" had fallen into a disadvantage and appeared extremely miserable.
"Looks like Xiao Yan is about to win." Liu Qing"s gaze was shining as he watched those two vague human figures from the top of a building. The shock in his voice was not the least bit concealed.
A beautiful figure stood prettily behind...
Chapter 603: Ineffective Seal
The bodies of everyone in the sky instantly stiffened as they sensed the surfacing of the enormous dark cold snake eyes. The "Heavenly Flame" possessed the greatest destructive strength in this world \u2014 strength that burned the sky and boiled the sea. Faced with such a strength it was likely that there was no one with the exception of those legendary elites who had trained their Dou Qi until it was on par with nature who would not feel a trembling fear under it.
Su Qian"s expression had also become extremely serious the instant the energy film seal shattered. He was too lazy to bother about the Gold Silver Brothers who were facing each other in front of him. Compared to these experts from the "Black-Corner Region" who had engaged in a large scale invasion Su Qian was more fearful of the "Fallen Heart Flame" that was in the tower. A "Heavenly Flame" was itself already frightening. A "Heavenly Flame" that had gathered and formed an intelligence was sufficient to cause others to quiver in fear at the mere mention of it. These fellows from the "Black-Corner Region" may be greedy unscrupulous and vicious fellows but even if they were given a hundred times their courage they would not dare to extend their hands toward the students of the Inner Academy. These students originated from all over the...
Chapter 604: The Fallen Heart Flame a Cheating Training Machine!
The action of the invisible flame python caused everyone in the sky to be startled. Their gazes followed it and turned to Xiao Yan and Han Feng. They only came to a sudden understanding when their gazes drifted across the green and blue-colored flames which were writhing over the bodies of these two. However on top of suddenly coming to an understanding they also felt it was funny and surprising. It was really unexpected that this "Heavenly Flame" actually had plans for those who had come to capture it. It seemed that it wanted to change the position between the hunter and the hunted.
With the many years that Han Feng had spent refining his alchemist skills he was naturally able to recall all the various shapes and special characteristics of the "Heavenly Flames" on the "Heavenly Flame Ranking" in reverse order. Hence the former had instantly recognized what kind of flame it was the moment the invisible fire python appeared.
"It is really unexpected that it is actually the "Fallen Heart Flame"..." Shock surfaced on his face. The wild joy in Han Feng"s heart became even denser. With his knowledge of the "Heavenly Flame" he naturally understood the various benefits of the "Fallen...
Chapter 605: Fighting With Fire!
A colorful energy pillar appeared like a rainbow that drew across the sky. It carried traces of slightly shaken space as it violently collided with the large body of the invisible fire python. The energy explosion was like brilliant fireworks that were projected from the fire python"s body.
The frightening attack that gathered the full offensive strength of all the experts in the "Black-Corner Region" was something that even Su Qian would not dare receive. Therefore despite the great strength of the invisible python its enormous body also swiftly descended under this violent collision. A furious hissing sound pierced everyone"s ears as it resounded in the sky.
A joyful expression was contained on the faces of all the experts from the "Black-Corner Region" as they watched the invisible fire python being forced back. However that joy had yet to spread when an even more terrifying and hotter energy wave suddenly surged from below.
They lowered their heads in shock only to see the enormous body of that invisible fire python appearing in their eyes in a lightning-like manner. Its large triangular eyes contained a hot temperature that appeared to have the intention of melting all those people who had blocked it.
"Stop it!"
Han Feng"s expression changed a little as he let...
Chapter 606: Revealing The True Form
The "Fallen Heart Flame" went against everyone"s expectations and did not continue to give chase after defeating Han Feng in the sky. Instead it abruptly turned its enormous head and focused its snake eyes on the distant Xiao Yan.
The "Green Lotus Core Flame" within Xiao Yan"s body appeared to have become cautious the instant the "Fallen Heart Flame" locked onto Xiao Yan. It suddenly automatically erupted from within Xiao Yan"s body. In the blink of an eye it firmly wrapped around Xiao Yan"s entire body.
"Hiss!"
The invisible fire python raised it head to the sky and emitted a sharp hissing sound. It violently swung its enormous tail and its enormous body carried a hot wind of great pressure as it hurriedly shot toward Xiao Yan.
Xiao Yan"s expression changed slightly as he watched the invisible fire python that did not hesitate in changing its target. The green fire wings on Xiao Yan"s back flapped hurriedly as a silver glow surfaced from under his feet. Immediately the faint rolling sound of thunder resonated in the sky as his body disappeared from his original spot in a ghost-like manner.
The enormous tail violently swung over...
Chapter 607: True Body
The invisible fire python had suddenly become illusionary in the sky under a countless number of shocked gazes. While its body became thinner and illusionary a cluster of invisible and unusual flame glow whose existence could be clearly felt by people grew increasingly bright at a certain spot under the huge mouth of the fire python.
Xiao Yan sighed in relief after seeing the large body of the invisible fire serpent becoming increasingly illusionary. He wiped off the perspiration that was like a stream on his face. Only after his mind quietly became relaxed did he feel the searing pain that filled his entire body. After being in such close proximity with the "Fallen Heart Flame" earlier he still ended suffering quite a bit despite being isolated by the "Green Lotus Core Flame".
"There will be a period of time in which the "Fallen Heart Flame" will be in a weakened state after revealing its form. This period of time would be the golden opportunity for you to snatch it. Originally I had wanted others to force it to this state but it is really unexpected that you need rely upon yourself in the end." Yao Lao"s laughter sounded in Xiao Yan"s heart.
Xiao Yan nodded his head slightly. He focused all his...
Chapter 608: Clash
Han Feng"s expression immediately changed drastically when the thunder sounded. Only at this moment did he recall that the allure of the "Fallen Heart Flame" had caused him to forget about a great enemy who was looking on covetously from not too far away!
Xiao Yan"s figure appeared behind Han Feng in a ghost-like manner just as the latter"s expression changed. His five fingers were tightly clenched and the green-colored flame repeatedly withered over his fist. Finally it carried a hot wind and violently smashed into Han Feng"s back.
Han Feng had the intention of dodging as he sensed the sharp ear-piercing wind that contained a killing intent behind him. His intention was to dodge it but due to his body suppressing the heart flame the speed of his body and his reaction speed were all greatly weakened. Hence he appeared to be only able to quietly wait for the arrival of the attack after his futile attempt to dodge it.
The sharp wind grew increasingly close and it pressed Han Feng"s robes tightly onto his back. However when Xiao Yan thought that the former would sit still a ruthlessness suddenly flashed across Han Feng"s face. His shoulder suddenly shook violently...
Chapter 609: Terrified
The dark cold killing intent that suddenly filled the sky also caused the expressions of quite a number of people to change. Although they were uncertain about what had exactly happened it was clear by looking at Han Feng"s appearance that he had truly formed the thought that Xiao Yan must be killed.
Su Qian waved his sleeves and forced back the Gold Silver Brothers who were pouncing over like vicious wolves. He tilted his head and watched the black-robed young man in the air and a strange feeling flashed across his eyes. "This feeling..."
"Xiao Yan hold him off for a while. I will come and help you after finishing off these two old fellows." Su Qian"s eyes gradually recovered after a flicker gradually flashed past it. His loud laughter resounded through the sky.
"Ke ke First Elder need only deal with them. Xiao Yan is not that weak." Xiao Yan cupped his hands toward Su Qian as he laughed out loud.
"Hee hee you got guts. Everyone has underestimated you little fellow." Su Qian laughed in a manner that suggested the presence of a deeper meaning before Dou Qi erupted from Su Qian"s body in all directions. He immediately watched the serious faces of the Gold Silver Brothers with an icy-cold expression....
Chapter 610: Large Scale Angry Buddha Lotus Flame
The green-white lotus flame appeared to be cast of stone. It was crystal clear and extremely beautiful. However under this beautiful exterior hid a strength that caused even an expert of Su Qian"s class to feel a great fear for it!
The green-white lotus flame was suspended at a spot around half an inch above his palm rotating slowly. The latter watched this beautiful fire lotus that was as perfect as artistic work and the redness on his face quietly became much paler.
The large scale Angry Buddha Lotus Flame was Xiao Yan"s final trump card. This trump card was something that he would never use unless it was a life or death situation. This time around the killing intent within Xiao Yan"s heart when faced with this "Senior" who had once caused Yao Lao an immense amount of damage was not any weaker than the killing intent the latter felt toward Xiao Yan. The usually calm and kind Yao Lao would become extremely solemn dark and chilly each time he heard this name. Xiao Yan could even guess just how agitated the hidden Yao Lao"s heart was when Xiao Yan had faced off against Han Feng earlier. Given Yao Lao"s calm character...
Chapter 611: Swallow Seal!
"Bang!"
An enormous firestorm appeared just like a mushroom cloud as it suddenly surfaced in the sky. An earth-shaking explosion caused the ears of many to ring. That wild and violent heat that came spreading from the sky caused shock to surge onto the faces of everyone.
A human figure appeared to be like a ball that had been violently struck by a hammer the instant the green-white mushroom cloud surfaced as it shot down from the sky. Fresh bright-red blood splashed over the sky along the way appearing like a fresh bloody rainbow.
The expressions on the faces of those experts from the "Black-Corner Region" changed drastically as they watched the human figure that shot to the ground from the sky. Although that aura was currently extremely weak it undoubtedly belonged to Han Feng.
Everyone looked at each other. Some cold perspiration seeped out from their forehead. Their gazes turned toward the other side of the sky. A black-colored figure was panting heavily there. The green fire wings on his back had become partially visible. Clearly this was due to the interior of his body becoming weak.
"This fellow... actually defeated Han Feng?"
Everyone muttered to themselves. The shock in their tone was extremely obvious. Han Feng"s strength was already at the peak of the Dou Huang class. Additionally he had the "Heavenly Flame" to support him. He would at least have the ability to fight even when meeting with an extremely powerful early stage Dou Zong. Only the Gold Silver Brothers in the entire "Black-Corner Region" could contend with him. Today however this expert who possessed an extremely great reputation in the "Black-Corner Region" was defeated and reduced to such a miserable state by a young man who appeared to be only around twenty.
The entire place was completely silent. Just what kind of reputation...
Chapter 612: Desperate Situation
Pain was the thing that had caused Xiao Yan to wake up from his unconscious state. A searing bone deep pain!
Xiao Yan opened his somewhat blurry eyes with difficulty. A bright redness that was like fresh blood was captured by his eyes. He slowly widened his eyes. Only then did he manage to clearly see that this bright redness was countless magma flows slowly drifting about.
Magma?
Xiao Yan was startled for a moment but then he suddenly became alert. With a sweep of his gaze he was suddenly stunned to discover that his body was currently in the vast magma. Moreover the position he was in was clearly deep within the magma. This was because no matter which direction he looked all that he could see was bright-red magma.
Xiao Yan"s gaze looked all around him and immediately discovered that there was a cluster of invisible flame at a spot around ten feet away. A cluster of invisible flame was burning turbulently. Moreover he himself... appeared to be within the stomach of this invisible flame?
Xiao Yan shook his head with all his strength. His somewhat blurry head slowly recovered its sharpness. Only then did Xiao Yan clearly remember that he appeared to have been struck by the "Fallen Heart Flame" and subsequently lost his attention... then where was this place?
"This is somewhere...
Chapter 613: Appearance of the Snake
The thing that woke Xiao Yan up from his training state was the repeatedly sounding weak old voice within his heart.
Xiao Yan"s tightly shut eyes were slowly opened after hearing Yao Lao"s voice. His gaze glanced at the increasingly illusory dense white flame over his body and his heart involuntarily sank a little.
"Little fellow I have already reached my limit..." Yao Lao sigh slowly sounded after having appeared to sense that Xiao Yan had awakened.
Xiao Yan nodded slightly as he softly spoke "Teacher you have worked hard..."
"Ke ke." Yao Lao laughed. His laughter had a frailness that was difficult to hide. "In another couple of minutes you will need to block the refinement of the "Fallen Heart Flame" on your own. Hopefully you will be able to endure..."
Xiao Yan was quiet. A moment later he smiled bitterly and said "I will do what I can as a person. The rest is up to fate..."
No matter how much confidence filled Xiao Yan he did not hold much hope in his chances of escaping from this hopeless environment where even Yao Lao could not sense much chances of survival. The only thing he could currently do was to do his...
Chapter 614: Intersection Between Life and Death
The naked beauty who appeared in front of Xiao Yan was bewitching and filled with allure. That nakedness that was accidentally revealed was sufficient to cause countless numbers of men to become crazy. Certainly it would be more perfect if the cold ice-like face of the beauty had the addition of human emotion...
Of course no matter how beautiful the beauty in front of him was it was not good news for Xiao Yan. After all this woman was a little too frightening. Although he had an agreement with her back then this temperamental Queen Medusa ultimately caused Xiao Yan to feel the greatest caution in his heart.
Queen Medusa had just revealed her form when the "Fallen Heart Flame" sensed something. A large cluster of flame suddenly appeared and immediately swept toward the former. The hot temperature caused the expression of even someone with Queen Medusa"s strength to change a little.
Queen Medusa waved her delicate hand gently and a bright seven-colored glow surged out from within her body to completely suppress the invisible flame. Although she did not possess a "Heavenly Flame" it was not easy for the "Fallen Heart Flame" to refine her because of her powerful strength.
Only after Queen...
Chapter 615: Slow Transformation
Under such a refining effort by the "Fallen Heart Flame" Xiao Yan and Queen Medusa had truly entered an intersection between life and death!
The heart flame that appeared in Xiao Yan"s body this time around was even more intense than any previous times. Even when he received the essence of the "Fallen Heart Flame" to refine his body back then the strength of that heart flame was at least a couple of times weaker than the heart flame at this moment.
Xiao Yan"s face had become somewhat purplish because of the flush redness of his skin. Blisters repeatedly formed on his skin. The frighteningly high temperature that had surged out from his body appeared as though it wanted to incinerate his entire body. It was being grilled under such high temperature. If Xiao Yan himself did not control a "Heavenly Flame" to some extent a resistance to these "Heavenly Flames" as well as the refinement of his body by the heart flame some time earlier it was likely that he would have been turned to dust with a "bang" like his robes earlier the moment the heart flame appeared...
Despite this being the case the high temperature that had spread to every corner of his body tortured...
Chapter 616: Advancing to Dou Wang!
Time flew by as spring left and autumn came. Without anyone realizing it an entire year had passed since that soul-stirring battle had happened within the Inner Academy.
During this one year the Inner Academy which had basically been turned into ruins during the great battle back then was completely transformed. In the one year there were old students who had left and more new students that had arrived. The entire Inner Academy was still filled with vitality. Every day there were a countless number of students who shed perspiration like rain as they worked hard to obtain the glory of the "Strong Ranking".
As time flowed past one"s fingers there would occasionally be someone who would throw their gaze toward the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower" that stood at the corner of the Inner Academy. They recalled the soul-stirring great battle that was gradually buried deep in their memories. They recalled the young man who stood like a god in that battle before eventually quietly falling and immediately sighed repeatedly. If that person was still alive it was likely that he would have become the strongest person of the Inner Academy besides First Elder Su Qian...
In this one year the lute had turned red and the plantain had turned green. During this one year the speed at which the Inner Academy absorbed new students...
Chapter 617: Turning the Tables Capturing the Fallen Heart Flame
The "Fallen Heart Flame" immediately appeared to have been angered as it emitted a sharp ear-piercing hiss after it seemed to have sensed the killing intent that slowly seeped out from Xiao Yan"s body. That drifting faint green glow had become much denser.
Xiao Yan stretched his body lazily and raised his head toward the green glow. He laughed "What? Aren"t you satisfied after burning me for so long?"
The faint green glow became increasingly intense. When the furious hissing appeared once again a circular light that appeared to be made of jade suddenly surfaced on the surface of the "Fallen Heart Flame". The jade light flowed slowly seemingly in possession of a spirit. Not long after the jade light appeared clusters of invisible flame suddenly surged out from the walls of fire around him before finally wrapping around Xiao Yan from all directions.
Moreover the "Fallen Heart Flame" had once again summoned fierce and intense heart flames within Xiao Yan"s body aside from the vigorous exterior attack. From the looks of the situation it clearly wanted to completely finish off this stubborn Xiao Yan through attacks from both within and...
Chapter 618: Erode Refine Merge!
The "Fallen Heart Flame" immediately unleashed a frightening temperature the moment it entered Xiao Yan"s body. Under this high temperature Xiao Yan gradually became boiling hot resulting in a searing pain despite having the protection of the strange fluorescent light and his "Heavenly Flame". This essence of the "Fallen Heart Flame" may not be large but it took shape only after accumulating for a countless number of years. Therefore its temperature was extraordinary.
Despite the searing pain once again appearing within his body it was not to an extent where it was impossible to endure after Xiao Yan had experienced the intense pain which was worse than death the last time. He forcefully stabilized his mind. Surging green flames flowed out from his body and immediately formed a dragnet shape before surrounding the "Fallen Heart Flame" which was causing destruction within Xiao Yan"s body.
At this moment the "Fallen Heart Flame" clearly still possessed its own awareness despite having been absorbed into Xiao Yan"s body. Hence it was...
Chapter 619: Successful Merger!
Translated By: Arron
Edited By: Comfortabull
The merger of the "Green Lotus Core Flame" and the "Fallen Heart Flame".
If he managed to successfully merge these two different kinds of flame Xiao Yan"s strength would not only greatly soar but the "Flame Mantra" would also evolve by leaps and bounds. At that time Xiao Yan"s fighting strength would once again make a great advancement.
However if he were to fail his fate would be even more miserable than the last time. It would not be overboard to describe it as beyond redemption.
The "Flame Mantra" was able to gift people with the ability to control a few kinds of "Heavenly Flame". Someone who had obtained such ability would also have to pay a price that was many times higher than an ordinary person...
The cream-colored flame was flowing fiercely in a torrent-like manner within his crystal clear Qi Paths. After having been completely refined by Xiao Yan it appeared like an obedient baby that did not have the slightest resistance to his commands. It was totally void of the untamed manner it had possessed before.
Xiao Yan"s mind controlled the "Fallen Heart Flame" as it followed his Qi Paths and flowed about. After this continued for...
Chapter 620: The Sequelae From The Merger Of The Heavenly Flames
Jia Ma Empire the west part of the capital.
An extremely large manor was sitting at this spot. The style of the manor was extremely similar to the position that the Primer clan held in the Jia Ma Empire.
A lady wearing a pale-purple robe was standing elegantly by the side of a quiet and clear lake deep within the manor. Although one could not see the lady"s face just this back was sufficient to daydream about her elegance.
The sapphire-like eyes of the lady were a little absent-minded as she watched the sparkling light ripples on the lake. Her beautiful melon-shaped face was enchanting and moving. That lovely body which was wrapped by a luxurious purple robe protruded and concave in perfect proportions emitting a matured and juicy allture.
"Ke ke are you thinking of that little fellow?"
A teasing old voice suddenly sounded from behind her. The lady was startled as she hurriedly turned her head around. A faint flush surfaced on her face when she saw the smiling old man walking over. She spoke in a lovely annoyed voice "Old Hai you are teasing Ya Fei again."
Hearing her address herself this person was surprisingly Ya Fei who possessed quite a deep relationship with Xiao Yan back then. Turning one"s gaze to the blue-robed old man his appearance was that of the battle companion of Xiao Yan back then. Ice Emperor Hai Bodong!
Hai Bodong smiled and walked closer. His shriveled hand patted Ya Fei"s shoulders before he immediately stood...
Chapter 621: Breaking the Seal
This was an extremely dense forest. Although there was occasionally some light that seeped through the gaps and scattered into it it was still difficult to expel that darkness within the forest. It was likely that the pressuring atmosphere would be difficult for one to endure when one walked in such a place.
A wave of hurried footsteps suddenly sounded within the quiet forest. Immediately a large group of indistinct black figures appeared at a corner of the forest. These black figures walked extremely quietly and were clearly extremely experienced old hands. While they walked their gazes were cautiously sweeping over the surrounding dark corners. In this "Black-Corner Region" one must alway place the word "cautious" in one"s heart at all times regardless of one"s identity. Something like a boat sinking in a drain happened almost everyday. If one wanted to live longer one must always maintain a cautious state.
TL: boat sinking in a drain - something that is impossible or not suppose to happen
"Crack!"
A dried branch on the ground where a human figure landed suddenly cracked as they walked. The clear sound reverberated throughout the quiet forest and was exceptionally ear-piercing.
The walking figures suddenly stopped because of this sound. Their leader...
Chapter 622: Breaking Through the Tower and Escaping
Today was an extremely lively day within the Inner Academy. According to tradition the Inner Academy would organize an activity each month where all the students would enter the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower" to train. The students greatly supported such an activity. This was because there was no need to pay any "Fire Energy" to enter the tower to train for this single day. Today was coincidentally the day of the monthly collective training.
Xiao Yan had also heard of such an activity while he was in the academy in the past. However he had seldom participated in it. This was because he did not need to worry about the problem of "Fire Energy" given his extremely wealthy status. Naturally he did not need to go and fight with so many people for a training room.
Following the change in the policy of the Inner Academy during these two years the number of people in the Inner Academy had gradually greatly increased. Hence the crowd in the Inner Academy was naturally not something that could be compared with the past.
Due to this there were groups that began coming one after another to the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower" not longer after the morning bell rang. By the time the sun was hanging in the...
Chapter 623: Test
Bright-red magma covered the sky. Strangely however it did not scatter down but instead solidified in mid-air. That manner was as though it was like the sky was flooded with fresh blood appearing extremely eye-catching.
The entire plaza was deadly silent. Everyone was stunned as they looked at the sudden change of the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower". After two years the new students who had entered the Inner Academy were mostly unaware of the earth-shaking great battle that had erupted in the Inner Academy back then. Hence it was the first time they had seen any change in the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower"!
The stunned looks continued for an instant before they were suddenly awaken by the wild joyous cry that resounded throughout the sky. Everyone who had yet to recover blinked their eyes while feeling at a loss. Xiao Yan? This name... seemed a little familiar.
Of course this name might be only familiar to ordinary students but it was unforgettable to some people. Immediately numerous shocked gazes carried disbelief as they turned toward the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower"!
"Xiao... Xiao Yan? This fellow is still alive? He is really still alive! This voice cannot be wrong! Cannot be wrong!"
Wu Hao"s usual stern face was covered with an unrestrained joy at this moment. His gaze stared intently at the bright-red magma pillar which had erupted from the top of the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower". His voice had become somewhat hoarse in his excitement.
Xiao Yu by the side was biting her lower lip with the back of her teeth. Her lovely body shook gently. Some moisture even surged into...
Chapter 624: Bane Existence
This scene caused surprise to surface on the face of even Su Qian who had long since sensed that Xiao Yan"s strength had already reached an extremely powerful level...
The dark-green flame on Xiao Yan"s hand swiftly disappeared amid the complete silence of the place. He smiled and spoke to Lin Xiuya whose entire body remained stiff "Lin Xiuya thanks for the win."
Lin Xiuya carefully shifted his head away and let out a bitter laugh. Although that dark-green flame did not touch his skin he could sense that if Xiao Yan"s hand had moved just a little bit closer it was likely that he would have been instantly burned into a pile of ashes by that frightening flame.
"You... are too abnormal. After not seeing you for two years you have actually become this strong." Lin Xiuya scattered the Dou Qi on his body and sighed. Originally he had thought that his training speed was not bad but it was unexpected that he had merely lasted one exchange in Xiao Yan"s hand. This had caused him to be somewhat dispirited.
"I had merely used the advantages of the "Heavenly Flame". Senior Lin need not belittle...
Chapter 625: Solving the Trouble
"First Elder the heart flame inside the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower" is indeed being gradually reduced. At this rate it is likely that all of it will completely disappear not long later."
The expression on Su Qian"s face became interesting after he had heard the result of an investigation by an Elder in the spacious hall. He clenched his teeth violently before becoming hopelessly depressed a moment later. His heart laughed bitterly. It was unexpected that the "Heavenly Flame" was not snatched by someone else but was actually directly refined by this fellow.
The importance of the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower" toward the Inner Academy was naturally extremely great. Otherwise it would not cause Su Qian and the rest to guard it with their lives. Now however with the disappearance of the "Fallen Heart Flame" its effect of raising one"s training speed would also gradually weaken until it disappeared. In other words there would no longer be much meaning to the existence of the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower".
Having lost the "Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower" the system of grooming strong people that the Inner Academy...
Chapter 626: Gathering Helpers
Xiao Yan"s expression was somewhat gloomy as he walked out from the meeting room. He lifted his head only to see that Lin Yan was standing not far away. The gloominess on his face was slowly withdrawn as he smiled toward the latter.
"It is really unexpected that you actually remained in the Inner Academy." Xiao Yan slowly walked forward and spoke with a smile.
"Didn"t I say back then that I wanted to follow you to the Jia Ma Empire?" Lin Yan smiled and shrugged his shoulders. He had become much more mature compared to two years ago. Quite a lot of his original impulsiveness had also disappeared.
Xiao Yan was startled. His face immediately became gentle as he smiled. It was really unexpected that Lin Yan had actually remembered those words back then. This caused Xiao Yan to be moved on top of being surprised.
"You can rest assured that once some of the things here are settled I will return to the Jia Ma Empire. I will definitely bring you along at that time." Xiao Yan laughed before turning his gaze over to Lin Yan"s body. He smiled and said "Looks like you have also been doing quite well during these two years. You have even broken through to become an elite Dou Wang."
"Ugh how can I compare with an abnormal...
Chapter 627: The Moment of Life and Death
Wu Hao nodded his head. He took out a map scroll from his storage ring and slowly pushed it open. He used his finger to point to a certain area and said "According to our intelligence a few large factions of the "Black Alliance" are heading to this place. I think that your second brother should be there. According to our speed we should be able to reach there by tomorrow morning."
Xiao Yan nodded his head slightly. He slowly calmed his somewhat anxious heart and sat cross-legged on the griffin before shutting his eyes to recuperate.
Xiao Yan"s group avoided the fatigue of traveling by ground and also the numerous troubles within the "Black-Corner Region" due to them possessing the griffins a beast that specialized in long distance air travel. Hence within a night they had already begun to approach their destination. If they had walked instead it would have been impossible for them to reach this place within four to five days even if everything had been smooth along the way.
Xiao Yan"s gaze studied the mountains in the distance covered by a faint mist while he stood atop a griffin. The uneasiness in his heart grew even more intense the closer he approached. Xiao Yan had continued feeling this uneasiness for a couple of minutes before he could no longer endure the emotion in his heart. He turned his head and spoke to Lin Yan Wu Hao and the others "I will make a move first all of you should hurry up and follow."
Wu Hao and the others were startled when they heard this. However they did not try to stop him. Given the former"s strength it was likely that one could hardly find anyone who would cause him to suffer a loss...
Chapter 628: Withdrawal from Shouting
Xiao Li who had shut his eyes while awaiting death suddenly shook his entire body when the faint laugh sounded in the sky. He immediately opened his eyes and his gaze was filled with disbelief as he stared at the tall straight-backed black figure in the sky.
"Third brother?" Xiao Li"s gaze trembled as he stared at the somewhat familiar back. His face which did not change even a little when facing death was at this moment filled with stunned disbelief.
"Xiao Yan? You have not died? How is that possible!"
Fan Lao turned his gaze over the instant that Xiao Yan appeared. The expression on his face immediately became still when his gaze swept over the familiar young face. Shock and fear surfaced together. At the end a voice that had become sharp due to fear was emitted from his mouth.
"Xiao Yan? He is that Xiao Yan who defeated Fan Lao and nearly killed Medicine Emperor Han Feng?"
The three expert Dou Wangs at the side did not have any specially great reaction to Xiao Yan"s appearance. However when Fan Lao"s sharp voice involuntarily cried out the name that reverberated like thunder in the ears of everyone within the "Black-Corner Region" shock instantly swarmed up their faces as they muttered.
"Are you very disappointed that I have not died?" Xiao Yan"s figure slowly...
Chapter 629: Reinforcements
Xiao Yan"s gaze paused at the spot where Medusa had disappeared before slowly sighing in relief. His gaze shifted down and once again turned toward Fan Lao. His eyes were filled with killing intent.
"Hei you won"t gain any advantage even if that person left. I don"t believe that you can block all four of us with just your strength." Fan Lao was disappointed when Medusa left. However awe immediately surged onto his face as he sinisterly smiled.
Xiao Yan did not bother with Fan Lao who had planned to use his words to force Xiao Yan back. He shook his wrist and the heavy ruler was violently inserted into the ground. A cluster of jade-green flame slowly surfaced on his right hand like that of a ghostly fire.
Xiao Yan"s left hand slowly covered the dark-green flame. His eyes however were shut while Fan Lao and the others were frowning.
Fan Lao and the others had no idea about this strange action of Xiao Yan. Hence for a moment no one dared to take the lead to attack.
After Xiao Yan tightly shut his eyes that cluster of dark-green flame suddenly began to fluctuate a moment later. Xiao Yan pulled both of his hands apart abruptly. A moment later Fan Lao and the others were shocked as the dark-green flame suddenly separated into two clusters of different colored flames.
Two clusters of flame. One was green in color while the other was an invisible flame!
""Fallen Heart...
Chapter 630: Killing Fan Lao
The reinforcements that had suddenly appeared caused Fan Lao"s face to turn much paler. This was especially so when he saw Xiao Yan"s dark cold ferocious face. His expression had become ghastly as though it had been covered with frost.
The moment Xiao Yan had displayed two kinds of "Heavenly Flames" Fan Lao understood that it was likely that even if the four of them were to attack together in a head on battle it would be very difficult to defeat him. Moreover the battle had just started when Xiao Yan had disposed of one of the expert Dou Wangs. At the same time their fighting strength was reduced their chances of victory swiftly fell.
Hence he had intended to capture Xiao Li alive and use him to put a leash on Xiao Yan. However Lin Yan and Zi Yan had appeared at a crucial moment completely dashing all of his plans. Next... he would have to face Xiao Yan"s fury which was filled with killing intent all by himself!
"Kill everyone in the stockade!" Fan Lao suddenly recalled something while his face was white. He suddenly let out a loud cry. From the looks of the situation he really did have to fight...
Chapter 631: Killing Spree
Xiao Yan watched the ashes that scattered with the wind indifferently and gently shook the dust off his hands. There was not the slightest ripple in his heart. He knew that Fan Lao already possessed a must kill intent toward him two years ago. Given Xiao Yan"s character he was most afraid of allowing such a person who possessed a vicious attitude toward him to survive in this world. Fan Lao had luckily fled back then. This time around however he no longer had such good luck.
"Next should be Han Feng..." The jade-green fire wings on Xiao Yan"s back slowly flapped. His gaze turned toward the northern sky. That place was the territory of the so-called "Black Alliance". That "senior" of his was domineering over that place and leisurely becoming an overlord.
"You have lived quite well during these two years... but soon..." A dark dense smile gradually surfaced on Xiao Yan"s face as he recalled the torturous pain he had felt during these two years.
The beautiful jade-green flame flapped slightly behind him. Xiao Yan"s body swiftly moved closer to the ground. In merely a short moment he was already able to hear the soul-stirring sounds of bloodshed within the stockade.
Xiao Yan"s figure stood in the air and looked down from a high vantage point and swept over...
Chapter 632: Life Devouring Pill
The pressure on the mountain stockade was immediately reduced when the troops from the "Black Alliance" scattered in defeat. The large intense battle had ended in an anticlimactic way with Xiao Yan"s imposing pressure. It must be said that the strength of a "Heavenly Flame" was really too terrifying.
Of course to be precise it was the special effect of this "Fallen Heart Flame" to summon heart flames that was too terrifying. The moment he summoned the heart flame against an opponent who was stronger or similar in strength as him he might not be able to cause them to self-ignite but he would be able to distract while they attempted to suppress it. This way their fighting strength would be slightly weakened. If he were to meet an opponent who was much weaker than him the heart flame would become the lock that took their lives. Those people from the "Black Alliance" who self-ignited and turned into ashes were the best example.
The threat to the stockade was resolved as the troops from the "Black Alliance" scattered in retreat. Many black figures flashed and appeared from the stockade and began to clean up the messiness following the great ba...
Chapter 633: Medicinal Formula
The medicinal pill was entirely blood-red and was around the size of a dragon"s eye. This medicinal pill appeared extremely strange. At a glance it seemed to be like a transparent body that was filled with blood. There was a bloody dark-red glow at the middle of the medicinal pill. The pill was just like a tiny eye at a glance and its entire body emitted a strange feeling.
Xiao Yan"s gaze stared intently at the blood-red medicinal pill. With the help of his outstanding Spiritual Perception he appeared to be able to faintly sense that this medicinal pill had some differences from an ordinary item. However he was unable to identify the areas where it was different. Regardless of what it was this "Life Devouring Pill" was the highest tiered medicinal pill that Xiao Yan had seen in many years!
"Teacher had mentioned that when a medicinal pill had reached a certain tier it would possess some spirituality. I wonder if it is also the case for this "Life Devouring Pill"?" A thought flashed across Xiao Yan"s heart. He carefully picked up the bottle and his gaze swept over the bottle"s mouth only to be slightly startled. A certain kind of energy trace was drawn on the bottle"s cap. If one took a more careful look it seemed that it had some...
Chapter 634: Arrival of the Great Battle
Black-Corner Region Feng City.
The current Feng City had transformed immensely during these short two years. This was because Han Feng had established the "Black Alliance" and had situated its headquarters in this city. This caused this small city to become a renowned city within the "Black-Corner Region". The current Feng City"s size and businesses were all far from what they could be compared with two years ago.
A grand mansion stood in the large area in the middle of the city. That majestic overbearing aura was something that not a single building within the city could exceed. Of course being the place where all the strong people within the "Black Alliance" discussed issues and the home of Han Feng it was likely that not a single person within the city possess the courage to exceed it.
The current Han Feng had already become the overlord of this place. His status was as solid as rock under the great reputation of the "Black Alliance". No one in the entire "Black-Corner Region" dared to provoke him.
There were quite a number of human figures sitting within the extremely spacious hall of the mansion. The person who was seated in the highest...
Chapter 635: Collision Between The Strong
Wave after wave of rushing wind sounds cut through the distant sky. A large group of little black dots swiftly appeared before finally turning into numerous human figures rushing past. The pressuring wind that was created from the fast speed caused numerous scar-like gullys to appear within the sea of trees in the mountains below. Moreover the auras that were emitted from such a large number of experts caused all the Magical Beasts within this mountain range to softly whimper in fear. Even some of those powerful high ranked Magical Beasts did not dare be too active at this moment. Being in possession of a faint intelligence they clearly knew that such a large aura was enough to destroy the entire mountain range.
"We are about to reach the headquarters of the "Black Alliance" Feng City. Everyone be careful!"
An elderly voice suddenly sounded beside everyone"s ears as they flew through the sky.
"Be careful. Feng City is currently the city where the "Black Alliance" has the tightest defenses. We have exchanged blows with them quite a number of times during these two years." Xiao Yan"s gaze was looking toward the edge of the mountain range when a...
Chapter 636: Cross Swords
Han Feng"s expression was dark and solemn as he glared at the black-robed young man in the sky outside Feng City. His heart was involuntarily overwhelmed. He really did not expect that the person who caused even the "Sea Heart Flame" to be afraid of was actually this fellow!
While his heart was churning Han Feng also felt some doubt. Although Xiao Yan controlled the "Green Lotus Core Flame" the ranking of this flame on the "Heavenly Flame Ranking" was behind that of the "Sea Heart Flame". How could it cause the "Sea Heart Flame" to be afraid? Such a situation did not occur two years ago.
"What exactly happened to this brat during these past two years?" Han Feng"s eyes flickered unceasingly. He could vaguely guess that such a change should be very much related with Xiao Yan"s disappearance during these past two years.
"Ke ke I have not seen you for two years but it is really unexpected that you have become increasingly impressive..." Xiao Yan"s expression was volatile as he stared at Han Feng in the sky before he smiled and said "You were lucky to keep your life back then. I wonder if you will have such luck today?"
Han Feng smiled with extreme anger in the face of Xiao...
Chapter 637: Fire Lotus Bottle
The anxious swords-drawn atmosphere suddenly erupted following Han Feng"s voice.
"Chi!"
The Gold Silver Brothers were the first to move. Powerful Dou Qi entwined together and the two human figures appeared to have been merged as they turned into a ray of light that shot explosively toward Su Qian. Their bodies drew through the sky as waves of low deep sonic booms were emitted. These two old fellows were the strongest within this chaotic "Black-Corner Region". Naturally they had some ability that ordinary people could not compare with. Such a momentum was comparable to that of an ordinary Dou Zong.
Su Qian laughed coldly as he saw that the Gold Silver Brothers had a clear target. During these two years he had fought with these two fellows no less than ten times. Although the two of them could rely on their extremely great collaboration to fight with him this was only a temporary thing. He had the confidence that as long as no one intervened in the middle of the fight he would definitely be able to finish off these two old fellows.
Su Qian"s somewhat shriveled hand extended out from his sleeves. His gaze was once again thrown toward Xiao Yan as he spoke in a deep voice "I will leave Han Feng to you..."...
Chapter 638: Fight Between Those with the Same Teacher
"You... you changed your "Heavenly Flame"?"
Han Feng"s eyes stared intently at the dark-green flame writhing on Xiao Yan"s body. Although that kind of flame did not overtly display a monstrous aura Han Feng could still vaguely sense just how frightening that dark-green flame was by relying on his extremely sharp Spiritual Perception.
Xiao Yan smiled in the face of Han Feng"s shocked expression. A wisp of dark-green flame mischievously ran about the tips of his fingers like a spirit. Occasionally the space would be faintly distorted when the tail of the wisp passed by.
"Senior I will help teacher settle the hurt that he suffered back then." Xiao Yan clenched his right hand tightly and the large Heavy Xuan Ruler appeared. With a wave the heavy ruler carried a pressuring wind before pointing at Han Feng from a distance.
Han Feng"s expression was solemn. He clenched his hand tightly as the dark-blue flame swiftly flowed. Finally it transformed into a fire longsword that he pointed toward Xiao Yan from a distance. He spoke in a sinister manner "Don"t use this kind of reprimanding tone to speak to me. I do...
Chapter 639: Han Feng with Half a Foot into the Dou Zong Class
Xiao Yan"s face gradually became solemn as he watch the majestic Dou Qi that suddenly surged out from Han Feng"s body. He really did not expect this fellow to have taken half a step into the Dou Zong class within these past two years. Although Han Feng currently only had half a foot into the class anyone knew that as long as one had half a foot in then one was already not very far from fully attaining that class.
This half a foot would also allow Han Feng to far exceed an ordinary peak Dou Huang expert. Adding the collaboration with his "Sea Heart Flame" it was likely that his fighting strength would be truly able to stand shoulder to shoulder with a true elite Dou Zong!
Despite the great increase in Xiao Yan"s current strength he still possessed quite a great pressure when faced with such a powerful fighting strength. A strength that could stand shoulder to shoulder with a Dou Zong was something that no one could easily underestimate.
"During these past two years you are the first person who has caused me to completely reveal my strength." The Dou Qi...
Chapter 640: Emerald Fire Lotus
The fire lotus may have only been the size of a palm but it was even more frightening in Han Feng"s eyes than the enormous ruler glow from earlier that had basically spanned the entire sky. This was because it was this damn thing nearly cost him his life two years earlier!
The current flame was no longer the green-white color back then. Its entire emerald-like color appeared even more beautiful. However Han Feng understood that this current fire lotus was likely even more frightening than the one back then!
The strongest "Angry Buddha Lotus Flame" shape in the past was merged from the "Green Lotus Core Flame" and the "Bone Chilling Flame." Since the "Bone Chilling Flame" was ranked a little higher on the "Heavenly Flame Ranking" compared to the "Fallen Heart Flame" it seemed that this current merger was weaker than that of the past from a certain point of view. However the "Bone Chilling Flame" was Yao Lao"s "Heavenly Flame". Even though Xiao Yan could control it it was basically impossible for him to reach the familiarity he had with the "Green Lotus Core Flame". Therefore the merger of those two "Heavenly Flames" would more or less have some...
Chapter 641: Your Life Is Mine!
The frightening firestorm spread horizontally across the sky. Its hot temperature caused the air in this area to become extremely dry. Powerful fire ripples turned into a fire curtain that spread about occupying over half of the space. This resulted in one"s vision becoming distorted and blurry at this moment.
Countless numbers of gazes were stunned as they watched the firestorm that swept across the sky. Despite being a great distance away they still felt their legs become wobbly. If this kind of explosion had been a little lower it was likely that this city would have turned into a graveyeard in an extremely short period of time!
The strong from both sides who had been engaging in an intense great battle in the sky earlier had all descended from the sky in panic. Staying high in the sky during this period of time when even the natural energy had become violent was an extremely foolish thing. Once one was struck by the firestorm... one"s fate would be extremely miserable.
"This Xiao Yan fellow... is really becoming more and more frightening." Lin Yan wiped the perspiration on his face while standing on the peak of a mountain as he spoke with a bitter smile to Lin Xiuya and Liu Qing by the side. The three of them were currently Elders of the Inner Academy. Therefore...
Chapter 642: Reappearance of the Hall of Souls
The delicate hand appeared to have extended from empty space. It did not cause any fluctuations. It looked gentle and weak yet it contained an extremely strong and fierce strength that grabbed the metal chain until the point where it could not move.
The sudden help also caused everyone to be startled. Their gazes followed that flawless hand and slowly shifted. Finally a beauty with a lovely sexy figure and a nearly perfect bewitching face appeared in front of all their gazes.
Demon!
TL: In chinese mythology a female demon is usually extremely beautiful and would occasionally bewitch men
This was the feeling that the woman gave to others at first glance with the exception of her icy-cold face. The merging of coldness and enchantment caused her to possess an unusual allure that had a deep impact on men. Her snow-white chin formed a slightly sharp incline that caused her entire body to be filled with a pride that was difficult to hide. This kind of pride was not an ordinary woman"s arrogance but an honorable haughtiness that only a woman who possessed a high status could di...
Chapter 643: Serene Sea Storage Ring
"He is indeed worthy of being the Alliance Head of the "Black Alliance" by actually carrying such a high grade storage ring."
Xiao Yan lifted the corner of his mouth and unceremoniously took that deep-blue storage ring from Han Feng"s finger. Storage rings were divided into high and low grades. A high grade storage ring was extremely rare. It was an object in great demand that no supplier even the auction houses of the "Black-Corner Region" could fill. Even Xiao Yan had never worn a high grade storage ring in all these years. He could only improvise and barely manage by using a low grade storage ring.
In the past Xiao Yan did not have a very great requirement for storage rings. However he had begun to pay more attention to this ever since that storage ring cracked apart in a baffling manner during his training. He had always stored some precious objects within his storage ring. The last time around he was fortunate to have the isolation of the "Fallen Heart Flame" which had prevented him from losing his precious objects. However it was difficult to be certain of such good luck. Hence it would indeed reassure him if he were able to possess a high grade storage ring. After all a high grade...
Chapter 644: Retreat and Recuperation
The "Black-Corner Region" gradually became calm after the intense great battle within Feng City passed. However the strongest alliance within the "Black-Corner Region" the "Black Alliance" was showing signs of being on the verge of breaking up due to the various disagreements from the divide of profits.
The members within the "Black Alliance" were all strong factions within the "Black-Corner Region". Most of these factions all carried some weight and none of them were willing to submit to each other. Given Han Feng"s reputation in the past they were still able to endure Han Feng commanding them on the account of his extraordinary refining ability. However Han Feng was currently dead. The "Black Alliance" without its leader immediately turned into a headless housefly. That Alliance Head seat was something that everyone wanted to sit on but no one was willing to submit to the others. After a couple of disputes and even a couple of fights the relationship of the members of the "Black Alliance" became increasingly worse. It was only a matter of time before they split up.
Originally the Gold Silver Brothers had the ability to command them. However they lost their courage to go against the Jia Nan Academy after...
Chapter 645: God Seal Technique
Xiao Yan rubbed this dark-black scroll with his hand and let out a gentle sigh. The figure of that elegant lotus-like young lady slowly surfaced in his mind and could not be removed...
"Xun Er wait for me..." Xiao Yan muttered softly as he shook his head with all his strength tossing all emotion out of his head. After which he threw all his attention onto the black-colored scroll in his hand.
"How should I open it?" Xiao Yan knit his brows as he flipped the scroll up and down. It was definitely not possible to forcefully open this kind of thing. Otherwise he would regret it if he damaged the thing inside.
Xiao Yan mused for a long while before a thought struck his mind. He tried to maneuver the Dou Qi within his body and twine it over the scroll. Something strange happened the moment the first thread of Dou Qi made contact with that dark-black scroll. He realized that the Dou Qi was actually absorbed by the scroll.
Xiao Yan felt a little stunned at this situation. He immediately calmed his emotions as his mind moved. An unceasing amount of Dou Qi began to surge out of his body before moving along his...
Chapter 646: Plans
There was not a single person in the large hall when Xiao Yan came out from the secret chamber. He felt somewhat surprised at this before he immediately shook his head with a bitter smile. He searched for a seat and sat his body feebly onto it before exhaling comfortably. All the rushing around during this period had caused him to feel a little tired.
"Creak..."
The door to the hall was gently pushed opened when Xiao Yan was recuperating with his eyes shut. Immediately a long shadow was formed as the sunlight landed on a tall figure.
Joy flashed across the pretty eyes of the lady who had pushed open the door when she saw Xiao Yan resting in a chair with his eyes closed. Immediately she became afraid to disturb his rest. After a brief moment of hesitation she began to withdraw.
"Ke ke why are you still leaving after you have come in?" A warm voice suddenly sounded. This surprised the lady who paused her withdrawing footsteps. Her pretty eyes took a glance and saw that Xiao Yan who was resting with his eyes closed had unknowingly opened them. He was now looking at her with a smile.
"Are your injuries alright?" Xiao Yu stood...
Chapter 647: Transaction
"You want to establish a faction within the "Black-Corner Region"?" Su Qian immediately knit his brows when he heard Xiao Yan"s words in the Elder"s Meeting Room.
"First Elder I am also aware that the "Black-Corner Region" has been a thorn to the Jia Nan Academy. However due to the environment that place will always possess an extremely strong offensive capability. As the saying goes it is better to scatter than to stop. If you want to end this trouble it is only natural that you cannot do it by the most forceful method. Should second brother really manage to expand his faction in the "Black-Corner Region" it would end up helping the Inner Academy by saving a lot of trouble. Moreover we can also help monitor some of the factions which possess enmity toward the Inner Academy." Su Qian"s reaction was not beyond Xiao Yan"s expectations. The latter simply smiled and explained.
The frown on Su Qian"s brow relaxed a little. He was no fool. With his experience he was naturally able to figure out whether things would be beneficial for him or not.
"Moreover First Elder should also be aware of a little of my background. I have a deep enmity with the Misty Cloud Sect. In order to take revenge I will require quite...
Chapter 648: Practicing the Open Mountain Seal
Queen Medusa gave a cold snort when she saw the bright smile on Xiao Yan"s face. She made the decision in her heart that she would definitely turn this fellow into ten thousand pieces in the future once she escaped the influence of the "Heaven Swallowing Python"!
Xiao Yan smiled and sat up from the huge rock. He said to Medusa "In that case we can be considered companions from now on."
"We only have the relationship of business partners not companions!" Queen Medusa skimmed her sleek red lips and completely destroyed Xiao Yan"s thoughts of bringing their relationship closer.
"Alright alright a business relationship." Xiao Yan indifferently spread his hand and smiled before saying "However since we are going to be together and one year is so long I cannot simply keep calling you Medusa right? Why don"t I help you pick a name? Otherwise other people will know your identity once I call your name in the future."
"There is no need to concern yourself with it!" Queen Medusa merely replied coldly to Xiao Yan"s good intentions.
"Why don"t...
Chapter 649: Xiao Gate
The lush-green color radiating from the vast mountain forest was just like a green sea where one could not see its borders.
A black-robed young man was standing on a huge rock at the peak of a mountain within a certain part of this deep mountain range. His expression was solemn as his right hand formed a strange seal and he immediately cried out loud "Open Mountain Seal!"
A powerful glow immediately surged from the young man"s palm as the cry sounded. Following the appearance of the glow his palm was suddenly pushed forward. However the intense glow on his palm was like an epiphyllum just as his palm moved and instantly disappeared. The palm that was swung merely carried a slight wind. A "puff" was emitted and a tiny pit was blasted into the ground.
Xiao Yan helplessly shook his head as he studied the pit in the ground. He sat on the huge rock as he repeatedly exhaled coarse breath. The energy needed to drive this "Open Mountain Seal" was really too strong resulting in him being unable to repeatedly use it.
"This damn "Open Mountain Seal" is actually this difficult...
Chapter 650: Three Large Factions
"Bang!"
An enormous jade-green energy handprint suddenly surfaced in the sky. It immediately carried the frightening sound of rushing wind as it violently smashed into a mountain wall like a cannonball. Immediately the entire mountain peak forcefully exploded and violently shook the entire mountain. An arm thick crack line spread like a spiderweb from the mountain peak and covered the entire wall within a short period of time.
Xiao Yan"s expression carried a trace of whiteness as he watched the mountain peak that was on the verge of collapse while wearing a pale-white expression. A joy that could not be hidden covered his dark-black eyes. After practicing for many days he had finally learned to control the rhythm; therefore he was able to truly use the "Open Mountain Seal".
Although the "Open Mountain Seal" this time around was a little crude Xiao Yan believed that he would definitely be able to reach complete mastery through practice if he was given sufficient time. At that time the strength of this "Open Mountain Seal" would likely become even more frightening.
Everything was difficult at the beginning. Since Xiao Yan already possessed quite a good start success was only...
Chapter 651: Shock and Awe
The eyes of the leaders of the three large factions involuntarily shrank a little as they watched this black-robed young man quietly appear in a ghost-like manner. This fellow had unusual agility and was actually able to enter this large hall without making any noise. Moreover he had escaped their notice. Such a level of agility did indeed cause others to be extremely afraid.
The anxious swords drawn atmosphere within the hall had also become dull following the appearance of the black-robed young man. That atmosphere that was about to collapse slowly calmed down due to their fear for each other.
A joy surged onto Xiao Li"s face when he saw the sudden appearance of the black-robed young man. Since Xiao Yan had managed to rush over it was likely that they could smoothly settle the calamity today. He had always held a confidence that exceeded common sense toward the former"s ability.
"Who are you?" The first person to open his mouth was the old man from the Dark Sky Sect. His gaze was filled with shadows as he stared at Xiao Yan and asked in a hoarse cold voice.
"Friend I shall warn you that this...
Chapter 652: Gathering Helpers
"Business transaction? What kind of business transaction?"
The three leaders who had originally thought that Xiao Yan wanted to turn against them were stunned when they heard the words that leaped from Xiao Yan"s mouth. They immediately asked uncertainly.
Xiao Yan smiled and mused for a moment before speaking slowly "The profits in Feng City are indeed extremely rich. I can allow your three factions to occupy a share in Feng City."
"What does chief Xiao want us to do?" The three leaders looked at each other before the shadowy-faced old man carefully asked. They did not believe that a pie would fall from the sky for no reason.
"I have an enemy which is quite strong. Although I already have confidence to contend with them given my current strength I still require some helpers." Xiao Yan"s gaze locked onto the three of them and laughed faintly. "I only require you three leaders to lend me a hand at that time."
Xiao Li who was frowning after hearing Xiao Yan"s earlier words from behind him also began to relax. The enemy that Xiao Yan had mentioned was naturally the Misty Cloud Sect. He was clearly aware in his heart that although Xiao Yan"s strength had soared he was weak in numbers. On the other hand the Misty...
Chapter 653: Gathering Medicinal Ingredients
The three leaders finally nodded and agreed under the allure of the "Mighty Huang Pill" which they could not resist. Xiao Yan naturally sighed in relief in his heart when he saw that he had achieved his motive. After discussing some simple measures with the three of them about their accommodations in Feng City he allowed them to bid him goodbye and leave.
The large hall immediately became empty after that large menacing group of people that was led by the three leaders left. Seeing that everything had been agreed upon Xiao Li waved his hand and indicated for his subordinates to stand down.
"Third brother although these fellows have already agreed to our condition we should still watch them carefully. It is only too common for the people of the "Black-Corner Region" to go back on their words." Xiao Li slowly walked to Xiao Yan"s side. His gaze vaguely glanced at Medusa before he frowned and spoke in a deep voice.
"Ke ke this is only natural. Were it not for Medusa being here today it is likely that they would not have agreed with our conditions so easily." Xiao Yan laughed and said.
"Medusa?" Xiao Li was startled...
Chapter 654: Refining the Spiritual Recovery Purple Pill
A warm gentle light shone over the quiet secret chamber expelling all the darkness within it.
A flat bed was placed in a corner of the secret chamber. It leaned against the wall. Xiao Yan was seated cross-legged on it. Various kinds of medicinal ingredients which were wrapped nicely were placed in front of him. Some of these medicinal ingredients were quite rare and could definitely be sold for quite a high price within the "Black-Corner Region". Moreover there were quite a large amount of them. One really could not help but sigh at the richness of Han Feng"s wealth.
Xiao Yan"s gaze swept over the large number of medicinal ingredients placed in front of him. He could not help but shake his head and his heart once again sighed in surprise at Han Feng"s wealth. Regardless of how wealthy Han Feng was it all ended up benefiting Xiao Yan now.
"I was barely able to gather the necessary ingredients needed to refine the "Spiritual Recovery Purple Pill" from these medicinal ingredients." Xiao Yan withdrew his gaze mused for a moment before he immediately spoke in a somewhat surprised voice.
The "Spiritual Recovery Purple Pill". Xiao Yan recalled the Ice Emperor Hai Bodong in the Jia Ma Empire when he thought of this medicinal pill. Being his first partner this old man whose character...
Chapter 655: Medicinal Pill Auction
One bottle after another of finished medicinal pill products were repeatedly delivered to Xiao Li"s hand following the gradual increase in time Xiao Yan spent in retreat. On top of feeling a joy at such a rich source of pills Xiao Li also ceased selling medicinal pills one at a time. After having muddled along within the "Black-Corner Region" for two to three years he was clearly aware that the perfect method to obtain the greatest value for medicinal pills was to auction them!
Currently Feng City was already completely controlled in the hands of "Xiao Gate". Given their strength it was already sufficient to manage a reputable auction that focused solely on the sale of medicinal pills. Hence Xiao Li finally sent out the information of an auction being held through various channels after a few days of preparation.
Various large and small auctions would frequently appear within the "Black-Corner Region". However an auction that focused solely on the sale of medicinal pills was quite rare. Moreover Xiao Li had naturally leaked news of some high-tier medicinal pills that were to be auctioned when he spread the news of the auction. Hence the auction that...
Chapter 656: Deterrent
A black figure also slowly appeared on the auction stage as that laughter sounded in the auction hall.
The faces of the Gold Silver Brothers changed a little when that somewhat familiar laughter sounded. Their expressions immediately became ugly when their gazes shifted onto the human figure on the auction stage.
"Xiao Yan? You have killed the Black Alliance Chief Han Feng yet you still dare to come to the "Black-Corner Region?"
The cold cry that was emitted from the mouths of the Gold Silver Brothers immediately caused the entire auction house to become noisy. Numerous shocked gazes started at the black-robed young man on the stage. This extremely young fellow was actually the Xiao Yan who had killed Medicinal Emperor Han Feng?
Although Xiao Yan"s reputation had spread across the entire "Black-Corner Region" many people were still unfamiliar with his appearance. Hence they felt disbelief when they saw that this strong person who was rumored to be able to kill Han Feng was actually this young.
Xiao Yan"s gaze swept toward the ugly expressions of the Gold Silver Brothers as he laughed softly "Both of your words are really funny. There are countless number of people who are killed in the...
Chapter 657: The End of the Auction
The corner of Xiao Yan"s mouth curled slightly as he observed the Gold Silver Brothers wave their sleeves and send someone flying. The tactics of these two old fellows were indeed shameless. However since the other party had already softened their stance he was too lazy to argue with them in this kind of occasion. The auction was the most important matter today. Using this matter he had already perfectly achieved the deterrent effect he wanted. After this it was likely that there wouldn"t be any blind fools who came and sought trouble.
"Since the two of you don"t have any objections to our "Xiao Gate" taking charge of Feng City can you two please take your seats. The auction is about to begin." Xiao Yan smiled and spoke.
The face of the Gold Silver Brothers twitched a little upon hearing Xiao Yan"s words. They had thrown away their face today. However there was no other choice... they sighed in their hearts. The two of them looked at the cold ice-like Medusa beside Xiao Yan fearfully. Only then did they smile and sit in their seats.
"Everyone what happened earlier is but a farce. Please...
Chapter 658: Restoration Medicinal Liquid
There was hardly any trace of a person in the vast deep mountains. The main theme was the endless lush green mountains. Occasionally the roar of a magical beast would resound across the mountain forest frightening away countless numbers of resting birds.
There was a huge rock that protruded from the mountain wall in the middle of a steep cliff. The huge rock was frequently battered by the rain and wind. Therefore its surface was extremely smooth. There was even a layer of luster faintly present on it. However a black-robed young man was currently standing at that spot. His legs were like the roots of an old tree that slowly gripped the enormous rock causing his body to stand on it without moving a little.
The black-robed young man was naturally Xiao Yan since he had left Feng City. There was likely going to be large activity when he woke Yao Lao this time around. Hence he would naturally be unable to do this in a crowded place like Feng City. Hence after Xiao Yan informed Xiao Li he and Medusa once again entered the deep mountains. In the endless deep mountains...
Chapter 659: Yao Lao Awakens!
The mountain forest was lush green. The peaks of the mountains pierced into the clouds just like a blade appearing to be majestic and spectacular.
An enormous rock was extended out on a steep wall somewhere within the mountain range. A black-robed young man was seated cross-legged on it with his eyes tightly shut. An enormous crimson medicinal caudron was placed in front of him. A dark-green flame fiercely rose and fell within the medicinal cauldron. If one were to look carefully one could faintly see that there was actually a cluster of colorful liquid slowly wiggling within the flame.
The surface of the colorful liquid repeatedly emitted tiny bubbles while it was grilled under the flame. Each time a bubble burst apart the size of the cluster of liquid would shrink slightly.
Of course this kind of shrinking was extremely slight. It was to the point that one would have a hard time discovering that the liquid was gradually shrinking unless one observed it carefully. However as this little by little accumulation lasted for a period of time the shrinking was no longer in miniscule amounts.
With the colorful medicinal liquid becoming increasingly thinner it faintly...
Chapter 660: Teacher and Disciple Meet Again
An old human figure was suspended in the sky. That familiar face carried a little nostalgia. It was surprisingly Yao Lao who had been in a slumber within the ring for two years!
At this moment the body which Yao Lao had agglomerated was clearly more substantial than before. From the powerful Spiritual Strength which was faintly emitted from within his body one could tell that his slumber these past two years had also caused Yao Lao"s strength to increase significantly.
"It"s you?" Medusa was startled when her gaze swept over Yao Lao"s face. She immediately pressed her eyebrows together and inquired in surprise.
Yao Lao laughed. He raised his head and eyed Xiao Yan who had fallen unconscious. A pleased look was on his face. Although he had descended into a slumber he was still able to sense an energy moisturizing his spirit in his unconsciousness. Who else other than Xiao Yan would use this kind of action to swiftly aid him in his recovery?
"It is really unexpected that you have successfully swallowed the "Heaven Swallowing Python" and merge with its spirit. Your progress is very quick. From the looks of...
Chapter 661: The Ingredients Needed to Refine a Body
Xiao Yan smiled as he observed Yao Lao"s relieved expression. He roughly described the situation back then. However Yao Lao"s eyes narrowed and his expression immediately changed when Xiao Yan spoke about the appearance of the people from the "Hall of Souls" while he was killing Han Feng.
"You said that Han Feng"s Spirit was taken by a member of the "Hall of Souls"?" Yao Lao knit his brows and spoke with a solemn face.
"Aye." Xiao Yan nodded. His heart became worried when he saw Yao Lao"s serious manner and he could not help but carefully ask "Why? Teacher is there something wrong?"
Yao Lao knit his brows and mused for a moment. He seemed to be considering something before he slowly spoke "If it is like this it is likely that Han Feng did not die so easily."
Xiao Yan was startled. He discovered where the problem lay and immediately asked with a frown "Teacher you mean that the "Hall of Souls" will help him revive?"
"You should also be clearly aware that when a spirit has reached a certain strength it is able to leave the body and remain alive. Of course one"s strength would be greatly reduced. This is similar to my current condition......
Chapter 662: Finding Solutions
Yao Lao also smiled as he saw Xiao Yan"s stunned expression. He also knew just how shocking these three ingredients were to Xiao Yan and was thus not very surprised. He merely comforted "It is extremely difficult to get ahold of these things. Hence I have said not to rush. I am already very gratified that you have this thought. In any case we still have lots of time left. We can slowly find them."
Xiao Yan"s expression gradually recovered. He rested for a moment before laughing bitterly. He felt a giddiness in his head. The blood essence of a rank 7 Magical Beast. This was equivalent to an extremely powerful Dou Zong. Moreover the essence blood was something that a Magical Beast relied on to survive and grow. It was just like the fresh blood and bones within a human body. Once this thing was drawn out from the body of a Magical Beast it would naturally immediately lose its life. Hence if one was to summarize in this manner one must kill an extremely powerful Magical Beast that could contend against an elite Dou Zong if one wanted to obtain the blood essence of a rank 7 Magical Beast... but Xiao Yan had not even met a Magical Beast of such a rank...
Chapter 663: Recover
In order to wake Yao Lao up this time around Xiao Yan not only had to squeeze out all the Dou Qi within his body until it was completely empty but his Spiritual Strength had also suffered quite the blow. Hence it was still quite difficult for him to recover to his peak condition within a short period of time despite the fact that the "Flame Mantra" had already evolved into a Di class Qi Method.
However it was fortunate that Yao Lao had already reawakened. With this safe guardian Xiao Yan no longer needed to worry about other matters disturbing him. Hence he was able to completely relax and enter into his training mode to recuperate. There was no longer a need to worry about the slightest influence from the outside world.
Through this kind of quiet recuperation which was void of any distractions Xiao Yan"s empty body was gradually filled by waves of Dou Qi flowing in. His weariness was becoming fainter with each day. From the looks of his progress his body would be completely healed soon.
A black-robed young man sat cross-legged on a quiet mountain peak within the lush green mountain forest. His body was as stable as a rock. He did not make the slightest movement...
Chapter 664: The Three Yao Brothers
A couple of human figures were seated within the spacious Meeting Room within Feng City. Occasional laughing sounds could be heard as a couple of graceful female servants shuttled through the hall to serve tea and water to the various important guests.
"Ke ke brother Xiao Li. Thanks to the medicinal pill auction idea some time earlier the population within the current Feng City is sufficient to squeeze into the top three of the "Black-Corner Region". Feng City wasn"t able to achieve such a peak even when the "Black Alliance" was occupying this place back then." A rough laugh sounded within the hall. The person who was speaking had bare arms with a tattoo of a fierce lion roaring toward the sky on his chest. His appearance was surprisingly the gang leader of the Wild Lion Gang whom others called Wild Lion Tie Wu.
After Tie Wu"s laughter sounded the leader of the Dark Sky Sect and Luo Sha Gate who were seated beside him also smiled and nodded. Within a short three months the profits that they had obtained were even richer than what they had obtained during the last half a year. This was all because they were collaborating with "Xiao Gate".
"Chief Tie is too courteous. All of us are simply getting...
Chapter 665: Looking After
Xiao Yan stood on a spacious path within the Inner Academy. He watched the students who were filled with vitality coming and going and his somewhat cold face cold from having lingered within the "Black-Corner Region" for a couple of months finally became much warmer. Although the competitive atmosphere within the Inner Academy was quite strong it was really like paradise when compared to the cruel "Black-Corner Region".
The person who had followed Xiao Yan into the Inner Academy was still Medusa who had been following closely beside Xiao Yan. These two people were standing on the main road where people came and went without any misgivings. Naturally they attracted a countless number of surprised and curious gazes. With Medusa"s beautiful demon-like appearance she naturally possessed an unusual allure that was difficult to describe with words to these young students who had been living in the ivory tower. Some of the younger teenagers or young men felt a great interest to the mature woman. This was the so-called fondness for an elder sister feeling.
Medusa appeared to have totally ignored all the numerous amazed gazes from around her. Her bewitching pretty face...
Chapter 666: Settling Pan"s Gate
Xiao Yan stood on the rock stairs after having exited First Elder Su Qian"s study. He lifted his head to the sky and exhaled a breath of air. Medusa was following like a shadow behind him. Her pretty face was cold and was unwilling to utter even a single word.
There would occasionally be some Inner Academy"s Elders coming and going from the study. These people who possessed quite a high status within the Inner Academy stopped their footsteps and eagerly chatted and smiled with Xiao Yan. They did not have the slightest Elder demeanor that they used when speaking with ordinary students. Of course they clearly knew in their hearts that their so-called Elder status did not have the slightest use in the face of this young man in front of them.
Xiao Yan sent off those Elders who had greeted him before he quietly sighed in relief. It had only been a couple of months since they had met. Did they really need to be so warm and enthusiastic?
"Where do you need to go next?" An ice-cold voice containing some impatience sounded from behind Xiao Yan. It was actually Medusa who had waited for over half a day.
"I thought that you wanted to continue being a mute." Xiao Yan turned...
Chapter 667: Ten Exchanges
Xiao Yan completely relaxed after he had settled "Pan"s Gate" properly. Since Xiao Li still needed some time to gather the helpers on his end the completely relaxed Xiao Yan did not make a move to leave the Inner Academy.
The news that Xiao Yan was about to leave was not spread around. This was because Wu Hao and the others knew that once this news was known by the people within "Pan"s Gate" it was unavoidable that many people would become disappointed. In any case Xiao Yan frequently disappeared. It was a common matter for him to be missing for a couple of months. Hence hiding it would also be very easy. It might be better to announce this news in the future when the time was ripe.
Xiao Yan calmly remained within the Inner Academy during this subsequent period of time. He would occasionally refine some low-tier medicinal pill in public and treated them as gifts which he gave to the members of the "Pan"s Gate" who formed an audience around him. Countless numbers of people would come and observe each time he refined medicinal pills. Although the number of alchemists the current "Pan Gate" had recruited was not small even the alchemists within "Pan"s Gate" felt great curiosity toward this leader who held the title of the top alchemist within the Inner Academy. After all most of the new students had never seen the frequently praised medicinal pill refining competition between Xiao Yan and the leader of the "Medicinal Gang" back then.
Lin Yan came and find him with a face full of sly smiles during one of the days while Xiao Yan was waiting idly. After which the former dragged him out of "Pan"s Gate" and brought him to the ever noisy...
Chapter 668: Tranquil
This battle not surprisingly became a topic that the people in the Inner Academy relished. The fight in the Fighting Arena that caused a countless number of people to be shocked ended in Xiao Yan"s perfect victory.
Lin Xiuyan and Liu Qing were people whose names reverberated like thunder even among the new students within the Inner Academy. They were frightening existences who had dominated the top three on the "Strong Ranking". No one could replace them all the way until they detached from their student identities and became Inner Academy Elders. Hence compared to them Xiao Yan who had been missing for two years gave people a somewhat unrealistic feeling because of the rich legendary aura that had covered his name due to the influence of public opinion.
Although when Xiao Yan left the tower he had fought with Lin Xiuya at that time it was merely a test and although some strong experts could see the differences in strength between the two normal students didn"t have the perception to see who was stronger in the quick exchange. As for the huge attack against the "Black Alliance" although he had slain Han Feng who was at the Dou Huang stage the act of him doing so was too shocking that it made people feel that it was...
Chapter 669: Fully Prepared
"Bang!"
The sudden loud sound of rolling-thunder appeared in the quiet mountain range that was covered in a dense lush green color surprising a countless number of birds in the forest. The manner which those birds flapped their wings and flew high in the sky in all directions forboded that a great disaster was about to strike.
A mountain peak began to shake and fall at a certain spot in the mountain range. Huge rocks repeatedly rolled down from above pressing against some of the enormous trees below until they were all broken. Numerous arm thick crack lines began to swiftly spread as the enormous rocks rolled down. Within a couple of minutes a perfect mountain peak stopped just short of completely collapsing.
A black-robed human figure was flapping jade-green fire wings extruding from his back in the air above the mountain peak. His eyes studied the swaying mountain peak that was about to fall before he nodded his head with some satisfaction. Currently the strength of this "Open Mountain Seal" was indeed much stronger than before. Moreover since this was only practice the Dou Qi that was maneuvered was not at its full strength. It was difficult to imagine just how frightening the force would...
Chapter 670: Leaving the Inner Academy
The originally remote area deep within the mountains not far from the Inner Academy which was usually void of any people had quite a number of human figures gathered at this moment. Numerous gazes were thrown at the smiling black-robed young man in front. The slightly low atmosphere continued to linger due to the imminent parting of ways.
"Have you decided to leave today?" Su Qian looked at Xiao Yan in front of him and sighed.
"He he the matter at second brother"s end is settled. It is time that I take my leave." Xiao Yan nodded slightly. His gaze slowly swept over the familiar faces in this remote mountain area. A moment later he laughed softly and said "The reason I have called everyone here is because I don"t wish for the news of my departure to spread within the Inner Academy and cause everyone in "Pan"s Gate" to be depressed."
Wu Hao Hu Jia and the others nodded quietly. Xiao Yan"s imminent departure also caused them to feel somewhat depressed.
"First Elder thank you for taking care of me these few years. Xiao Yan will not forget this favor." Xiao Yan once again bowed to Su Qian and spoke sincerely.
Su Qian smiled and nodded. He immediately patted Xiao Yan"s shoulders and said "Little...
Chapter 671: Begin the Journey: Return to the Jia Ma Empire!
There was a slight change in the atmosphere on the mountain peak following the appearance of the black-robed young man. Those black figures standing behind Xiao Li also turned their gaze to that back. At this moment the originally quiet atmosphere became completely silent. A kind of unusual pressure covered the top of the mountain. Even the roar of the Magical Beasts in the forest had completely disappeared at this moment.
Tie Wu Su Mei and Old Yin Gu were quietly awed in their hearts as they looked at the smiling black-robed young man. They withdrew a little of the smile on their faces. Although this young man"s age might appear to be much younger than them they had difficulty maintaining an absolute calm in front of him despite their ruthless characters that had been honed within the "Black-Corner Region". This was because all of them clearly knew that this young man with a warm smile had caused an elite Dou Huang and an expert with half a foot into the Dou Zong class from the "Black-Corner Region" to die in a miserable manner.
Hence they might be able to speak in a cheerful and humorous manner in front of the cold indifferent face of Xiao Li but they had no choice but to brace their attention...
Chapter 672: Activity of the Misty Cloud Sect
There were three human figures sitting in a heavily guarded hall in the enormous mansion of the Primer clan situated in the capital of the Jia Ma Empire. The atmosphere there was somewhat heavy.
"Ya Fei has something happened for you to call us all here so anxiously?" An old man who was wearing a pale-blue robe in the lower part of the hall knit his brows slightly and looked at the beautiful lady seated on the leader"s seat before taking the lead to speak.
"Ke ke that"s right. Ya Fei xiao-jie we have coincidentally received an assignment today and we are in a rush." A man was seated in a wheelchair on the other side of the hall. His gaze was also looking at the lady seated on the leader"s seat as he smiled and spoke
TL: xiao-jie - a form of address to a lady (daughter) of a rich and powerful family
"Big brother Xiao Ding you can just call me Ya Fei. This form of address of yours appear much too stranger like." The lady in the leader"s seat had a jade-like face and picture like eyes. The smiling arc that was lifted on the corner of her sleek red mouth easily filled her with a mature and enchanting style appearing...
Chapter 673: Thousands of Kilometers Away
Languid clouds lazily hung in the endless blue sky. Only the occasional blowing wind caused a slight shift. Sunlight scattered down from the cloud layer and landed on those mountains and hills giving them an extra warmth.
The sound of waves of blowing wild wind suddenly appeared in the silent sky. Immediately some small black dots appeared at the edge of the sky. A moment later the black dots drifted over with the wind before transforming into ten plus flying Magical Beast that emitted a ferocious aura. They carried a low roar as they whizzed by...
A black-robed young man was seated cross-legged on the enormous head of the leading flying Magical Beast. A faint jade-green Dou Qi surfaced on his body blocking the wild wind that was blowing toward him front the front. He himself was able to enter into his training mode without any disturbance.
The black-robed young man"s training continued for a long time before his eyes moved slightly. He immediately opened them and his gaze swept over the extremely small ground below him. He turned his head and inquired from the people behind him "Where are we now?"
Hearing Xiao Yan"s words Xiao Li who had been chatting and laughing with Lin...
Chapter 674: Zhen Gui Pass! Old Acquaintance!
Xiao Yan"s group was coming increasingly closer to their destination after two long months of flying. According to what the map indicated they would soon be able to reach the border of the Jia Ma Empire...
Time flowed by amid this dull flying. When the endless long journey once again passed through a majestic mountain range the large outline of a fortress faintly appeared at the edge of their sight.
The fortress was built against the mountains appearing much like a ferocious tiger that guarded the key route that led from the empire to its exterior. Anyone who wanted to leave the Jia Ma Empire must pass through this enormous fortress. This heavily guarded fortress had swallowed an unknown number of ghosts. They were the ghosts of people who died on the battlefield during these years. This had also caused many empires around to fear it like one feared a tiger.
Hence this fortress had a rather fierce name.
Zhen Gui Pass! (Ghost Crushing Pass)
A smile slowly solidified on Xiao Yan"s face as his gaze swept toward the outline of the enormous fortress in the distant horizon. He stood up on the enormous head of the Tiger Eagle Beast and looked down on the city fortress that still emitted a ghastly aura despite being a great distance away. A moment later a smile surfaced on the corner of his mouth and swiftly widened. Finally a...
Chapter 675: Mu Tie
The sudden laugh broke the anxious swords-drawn atmosphere within the yard. Many people held stunned expressions. Someone actually dared to hurl such insults at Yun Shan in the current Jia Ma Empire?
A dark coldness gradually surge up Yun Fan"s face. He slowly raised his head and threw his gaze toward the sky like everyone else.
However everyone"s expression changed a little when their gazes looked at the ten plus enormous flying beast lingering in the sky. Who were these uninvited guest?
Mu Tie also looked at the flying Magical Beast in the sky in alarm. He hurriedly waved his hand as he felt lost in this situation. The large group that was gathered behind him swarmed forward and surrounded him. Their gazes were cautious as they looked at those uninvited guests in the sky.
"Everyone isn"t people from the Jia Ma Empire right?" Yun Fan"s expression was dark and cold as he looked at the ten plus Magical Beast in the sky. He coldly said "This is our Misty Cloud Sect"s issue I will advise all of you not to meddle in another"s business!"
"Ke ke it is indeed the Misty Cloud Sect."
A faint laugh was emitted again from the back of the Tiger Eagle Beast suspending in the sky after Yun Fan"s voice sounded. Immediately...
Chapter 676: Kill
Yun Fan inhaled a deep breath of air as he watched the black-robed young man who was walking over with a smile that was increasingly icy-cold. He held the dark-blue longsword tightly in his hand and the Dou Qi within his body churned unceasingly appearing like floodwater. The shock in his heart had been greatly reduced as his eyes stared intently at Xiao Yan. A thought however had rose in his heart.
"This brat will definitely look for the Misty Cloud Sect to take revenge now that he has returned to the Jia Ma Empire. Looks like I must send this information to the sect. Otherwise we might be caught off guard in the future."
Yun Fan"s eyes flickered. He turned his head toward the similarly pale-faced Meng Li and said in a soft and quick manner "I will delay him. Take the opportunity to leave. After which inform the sect leader of Xiao Yan"s return!" He did not wait for Meng Li"s response after his words sounded. His shoulders shook and a pair of pale-blue Dou Qi wings surged out. His feet gently pressed on the ground and his body turned into a vague shadow. It was mixed with sharp blade wind as he shot toward Xiao Yan.
"Be careful!"
Mu Tie"s heart tightened...
Chapter 677: The Situation in the Jia Ma Empire
Being the host Mu Tie arranged the seating arrangements for Xiao Yan and his group within a spacious hall in the city governor"s mansion before he returned to his own seat. At the same time he ordered the female servants to serve tea appearing quite thoughtful.
"Ke ke it is really unexpected that brother Xiao Yan"s strength has actually reached this level three years after we parted." Mu Tie lifted his teacup and took a sip before he laughed. His gaze immediately swept over Xiao Li Lin Yan and the others who were beside Xiao Yan without leaving a trace. He felt that his heart was somewhat jumpy. He clearly understood that the most frightening thing of Xiao Yan"s return this time around was not his extraordinary strong self but these strong people whom he had gathered from some unknown place. Anyone of these people who were seated here would likely be sufficient to contend with the "Ten Strong" of the empire.
Xiao Yan smiled but did not continue to be entangled with this topic. He mused for a moment before slowly speaking "Big brother Mu Tie it seems that the Jia Ma Empire isn"t very peaceful these few years..."
Mu Tie laughed...
Chapter 678: Discussion in the Sect
The enormous mountain peak stood lonely and silent in a plain. The cloudy tall mountain peak was just like a the tip of a blade faintly emitting a sharp sword aura as it pierced through the clouds. Loud and clear training noises and the collision of metals were lingering within the fog.
The Misty Cloud Mountain was still the Misty Cloud Mountain from back then. However the Misty Cloud Sect located on it had changed drastically from back then. The entire mountain peak was filled with a countless number of patrols. Anyone who stepped into it would be immediately observed by the hidden gazes. It was just like a mountainous fortress with extremely tight defenses.
This place was the enormous camp of the Misty Cloud Sect!
Due to the Misty Cloud Sect have recruited a large number of disciples the current Misty Cloud Sect was undoubtedly much larger than it was compared to three years ago. This was the reason that they had enough people to truly put in place a tight defensive line with sentries three steps apart all over this enormous mountain peak.
Although the strength of the sect had become much stronger not only did the outsiders but also some of those Misty Cloud Sect"s...
Chapter 679: Primer"s Calamity
The Jia Ma Sacred City was the capital city of the Jia Ma Empire. Being the most bustling city of the entire empire the human flow that it consumed and released each day had reached quite a frightening number. However this bustling city had a somewhat pressuring atmosphere at this moment. There was the faint suppressed feeling of a storm brewing.
Such a feeling was naturally spread and created by the Primer clan which had suddenly announced a temporary closure of all its auction houses and shops. This action by one of the three large clans of the empire undoubtedly indicated to everyone that quite a big trouble would fall on their heads.
The public did not lack some people who were well informed. Hence there were some rumors spread that the Misty Cloud Sect had plans to exterminate the Primer clan.
This rumor immediately stirred up quite a big commotion within the city the moment it spread. The people of the Jia Ma Empire could clearly see that the Misty Cloud Sect was becoming increasingly arrogant these couple of years. Moreover other than the imperial family the only faction within the entire Jia...
Chapter 680: Blood Bath
The thunder-like cry carried some Dou Qi as it reverberated through every single corner of the Jia Ma Sacred City. Countless numbers of people raised their heads at this moment. They threw their gaze in a certain direction. The rising Dou Qi there was just like a surging sky pillar.
Ya Fei Hai Bodong and the others from the Primer clan rushed out of the hall. Their expressions were solemn as they observed the spot where Dou Qi had erupted.
"What do we do now?" Primer Tengshan asked in a deep voice.
"What else can we do? Since we don"t wish to surrender we can only fight to our deaths!" Hai Bodong coldly snorted. A faint cold air lingered around his body. Under the cover of this cold air the deep-blue color in his eyes also became much darker.
"Everyone listen up guard your posts securely. Do not panic. There is no need to report if anyone intrudes. Just kill!" Ya Fei"s pretty face was ice-cold. Her eyes contained an evilness as her cold cry spread throughout the entire Primer clan.
Hai Bodong nodded slightly as he watched Ya Fei transmitting the command in an orderly fashion and swiftly stabilized the somewhat panicked situation. He immediately...
Chapter 681: Bloody Battle
Chi! Chi!
The moment Yun Du"s cry sounded the Misty Cloud Sect"s disciples which had completely surrounded the Primer clan until nothing could pass through immediately carried a sharp sword aura and charged toward the enormous mansion like a tiger that had just descended from its mountain. The cries of killing intent that instantly erupted caused the faces of the many surrounding observers to become pale.
"Kill!"
A clear cold cry also resounded just as a countless number of Misty Cloud Sect"s disciples swarmed toward the Primer clan like flood water. Immediately one could hear the sound of bows being strung throughout the mansion. A moment later countless arrows tore through the air transforming it into raining arrows that swarmed over the white-colored torrent!
The raining arrows quietly blocked some of the attacking momentum of the Misty Cloud Sect. However soon after countless clusters of bright Dou Qi surged and the effects of the arrows were greatly diminished. Using this momentum that white-colored torrent moved much closer to the mansion. Some of the faster people were already in close proximity to the mansion itself.
Pop! Pop!
However there...
Chapter 682: Rush to the Capital!
Clang!
Blades that were dyed in fresh blood collided erupting into waves of sparks. Human figures flashed and the low deep sound emitted when the blade cut across flesh creepily sounded outside of this mansion which was filled with the sounds of killing.
After a couple of rounds of charging and killing the Misty Cloud Sect"s disciples had endured a couple of waves of counter attacks by the Primer clan. The true close combat collision erupted the moment they began to charge into the outer yard of the mansion!
Although the Misty Cloud Sect had recruited a large number of disciples during these few years they were naturally unable to train them into very strong individuals within a short period of time. The Primer clan however was different. Most of the clan"s guards were elites who had been specially trained for many years. Hence even though they were outnumbered when the close range fight erupted the Misty Cloud Sect could only fight in the outermost part of the manor regardless of how wildly they charge around. They had difficulty charging into the inner part of the manor.
At this moment this enormous manor was impregnable under the tight defense of the Primer clan. Although the Misty Cloud Sect had come charging menacingly they were still repelled outside of it.
The external surroundings...
Chapter 683: Debt Collection!
Naturally Jia Lao was not the only one who had discovered the sudden arrival of the clear rolling-thunder. At the same time the few leaders who possessed quite a strong faction within the empire revealed stunned faces as they looked in the direction the roaring sound had come from. However other than the Head of the Alchemist Association Fa Ma the other people did not possess sharp senses. Hence they naturally had difficulty identifying the person who had arrived. Even though this was the case the majestic Dou Qi that was contained in the roar caused their expressions to change drastically. This kind of strength was something that even the old demon Jia Xing Tian in the imperial city could not be compared with. Since when had such a strong person appeared in the Jia Ma Empire.
The couple of them were not the only ones who had gained such questions. Everyone in the capital was completely stunned. Clearly there was not a single person aware of just when an expert who possessed such a strength had appeared in the Jia Ma Empire.
The clear roar was just like thunder that rolled and arrived. Doubt had flashed in everyone"s heart when silver-colored lightning suddenly...
Chapter 684: Giving Others The Taste Of Their Own Medicine
The laughter reverberated through every single corner of the capital like a devil"s curse causing everyone"s body to suddenly stiffen. They became just like statues unable to move...
Xiao Yan?
This name which had already become somewhat foreign caused the faces of many people in the city to be at a loss after hearing it. Three years was enough time for people to forget many things. Of course this kind of faded memory needed only a small trigger in order to allow it to once again return to everyone"s mind.
Under this soft laughter the faces of many people continued to be at a loss for a moment before waves of exclamations were suddenly emitted.
"Xiao Yan? He is that fellow who had turned the Misty Cloud Sect upside down three years ago?"
"Wasn"t it said that he had died while being chased by the Misty Cloud Sect?"
"Nonsense! He was only chased out of the Jia Ma Empire by the Misty Cloud Sect. However it is really unexpected that he has already become this strong in these short three years. It is really too terrifying..."
"The Xiao clan seems to be the clan destroyed by the Misty Cloud Sect right?"
"Hee hee didn"t you hear what he had just said he has come to collect debt. The Misty Cloud Sect tsk tsk looks like they need to be prepared to repay the blood debt! This Xiao Yan was able...
Chapter 685: Start a Massacre
The rays of light flew across the sky and appeared in the sky above the capital a moment later.
Over a dozen human figures were flapping the Dou Qi wings on their backs as they eventually sat and waited while surrounding Yun Du and the others in a semicircle shape in front of the dull gazes of the entire city. Their faces all contained some ridicule.
The entire city once again became silent at the appearance of these ten plus human figures with wings extending from their backs. Countless numbers of people were stunned as they looked at the large Dou Wang unit that had suddenly appeared. Over ten expert Dou Wangs? This lineup... many people quietly inhaled a breath of cool air. Their heads began to feel giddy. There were at most only a couple of dozen expert Dou Wangs in the entire Jia Ma Empire. However they were actually able to see so many of them today!
The expressions of Yun Du"s group had turned pale-white at the appearance of these ten plus human figures. Their eyes were filled with shock and disbelief. Only at this moment did they truly feel a kind of terror. The current Xiao Yan already possessed a frightening strength that could shake the Misty Cloud Sect...
"Xiao Yan... are all these...
Chapter 686: Sweep Away
Puff! Puff! Puff!
The low deep of a physical body exploding repeatedly resounded within the enormous manor. This sound was like the sickle of a death god. Without exception a Misty Cloud Sect"s disciple would turn into ashes each time it sounded.
The Misty Cloud Sect"s disciples swarmed toward the innermost layer of the manor like floodwaters. The people behind were completely unaware of the unexpected changes that had occurred at the front due to their limited vision. Hence when their swarming momentum gradually entered a certain boundary the sickle of the death god sliced over...
A terror and disturbance finally spread in all directions as an increasing number of Misty Cloud Sect"s disciples" bodies strangely auto-ignited. Hence the atmosphere fell greatly spurred on by the terror. Finally they were unable to endure any longer and began to wildly withdraw...
The white-colored torrent that had just come surging over like floodwaters once again fled miserably in all directions a moment later. Their panicked manner was as though they were afraid that the strange auto-ignition would descend upon them.
Hence the enormous attack of the Misty Cloud Sect began to...
Chapter 687: The Shock of the Misty Cloud Sect
"This aura..."
Yun Shan"s eyes were filled with disbelief. He suddenly stood up and muttered with his mouth "How can it be? This little fellow is actually still alive..." The muttering had just sounded when Yun Shan seemed to recall something. His expression suddenly changed. His body flashed and disappeared from this training room in a ghost-like manner.
The direction he had sensed the eruption of this aura earlier was clearly that of the capital. At this moment... there was a large unit that the Misty Cloud Sect had sent to the capital!
The grand hall of the Misty Cloud Sect was completely chaotic. Various noises mixed with panicked voices. Finally they lingered within the hall causing one"s head to expand with giddiness.
Yun Shan also knit his brows because of this chaos when his body flashed into the grand hall. He cried out in a deep stern voice "Quiet down. What a scandal to be in such confusion!"
The noise within the hall immediately began to quietly disappear when everyone saw Yun Shan who had suddenly appeared. It was finally completely quiet a moment later.
Yun Shan coldly snorted only after seeing that the grand hall had recovered its silence. He sat down in...
Chapter 688: Situation
The faint sound of rolling-thunder reverberated in the distant sky. A black figure suddenly surfaced and two human figures seemed to have suffered a serious blow. Their bodies trembled and their expressions instantly became white. A mouthful of bright-red fresh blood involuntarily spat out from their mouths. The two human figures were like birds with broken wings as they weakly fell from the sky in front of the countless number of shocked gazes in the city below.
"Bang!"
The two human figures carried a sharp wind as they fell into the city. Finally they smashed into the hard road like cannonballs. Immediately a wild and violent strength swept out like floodwater. The enormous deep pit made an enormous crack line swiftly spread from the spot where the figures landed. Finally it formed an extremely conspicuous crack line leading to a deep pit in the middle of the city.
Dust drifted out from the deep pit before it was finally blown by the breeze and completely scattered. The two miserable human figures within it slowly appeared in front of the many gazes...
Chapter 689: State of Affairs
"Old Hai this is the reward that the little me had promised you back then.. It will enable you to recover your peak strength back then. Ke ke however please forgive me. Xiao Yan has owed you this medicinal pill for three years... three years can be long or short..."
The figure suspended in the sky suddenly stiffened. It was a long while later before an excited expression swiftly spread across Hai Bodong"s face. His hands trembled as he received the jade bottle and inhaled a deep breath of air. There was some moisture contained in those old eyes as he spoke in a hoarse voice "I have also waited three years for this day... to think that little fellow still remembered our agreement."
When Yun Du and Yun Sha were defeated this enormous attack to exterminate the Primer clan had slowly ended with a situation that no one had expected under the focus of the eyes of many in the capital.
In this fight the Misty Cloud Sect which had come charging forth in a menacing manner had ended up suffering a wild blow. Not only were the nine experts completely defeated but over half of the ordinary disciples were killed or injured. Those who had remained alive were immediately locked up in the...
Chapter 690: Discuss
"Hee hee chief Xiao we did not stir anyone"s attention when we entered the city this time around." That Old Yin Gu swept his gaze over the hall and smiled as he spoke to Xiao Yan when the three people appeared.
"I have troubled the three of you." Xiao Yan smiled and nodded. He turned his head to Hai Bodong and said "Old Hai now the number of Dou Huangs in my hands is not any lesser than the Misty Cloud Sect. What is there to fear?"
Hai Bodong revealed a stunned face as he looked at the three people who had appeared in the hall. Shock gradually swarmed into his heart. He realized that the strength of these three people were all similar to him. That old man with a dark-shadowy face was even a little stronger than him.
"You... it is unexpected that you still hid something. How unexpected..." Hai Bodong finally recovered from his shock a moment later. He smacked his lips and praised.
Xiao Yan smiled. He held the teacup with his hand and softly said "As for that Yun Shan... leave him to..."
The space in the hall suddenly wiggled before his sentence was completed. Immediately a tall and a short figure strangely surfaced. That person with a tall figure was wearing a red dress. Her bewitching pretty face was filled with an unusual allure. However...
Chapter 691: Settling the Xiao Clan
"Alright I will get Fa Ma to lend a hand..." Hai Bodong also sighed in relief when he saw that Xiao Yan had shouldered the responsibility of dealing with this manner. As long as they got rid of Gu He they would be able to cause the Misty Cloud Sect to lose an enormous help.
"I will leave the matter of contacting the others to Old Hai. Additionally please help me arrange for these people to have a good rest. They have not had a peaceful rest during this long journey from the "Black-Corner Region"." Xiao Yan stood up and pointed at Lin Yan and the others as he smiled and spoke to Hai Bodong.
"Ke ke this is something that we ought to do. Naturally our Primer clan must receive such distinguished guests that have arrived properly." Old Hai smiled and nodded.
Xiao Yan smiled turned his gaze toward Xiao Ding and suddenly said "I think that I should perhaps go and meet the clan members of the Xiao clan..."
"This is something that you ought to do. The First Elder instructed you to be the Clan Head just before he died. The clan members have waited two years for you to return..." Xiao Ding nodded his head slightly as he slowly spoke.
Xiao Yan was silent. He immediately nodded...
Chapter 692: Females Picking On Each Other
Xiao Yan smiled and said "Relax leave the Misty Cloud Sect to me. I will make them pay the blood debt that they owe our Xiao clan many times over. Of course there is also the disappearance of father... I will get them to pay the price for all of these a price that is worse than death."
"You are currently the pillar supporting the entire Xiao clan. As long as you remain standing the Xiao clan will stand proudly. Hence you must be extremely careful when you act!" Xiao Li softly said.
Xiao Yan nodded slightly. He placed Xiao Ding"s reminder in his heart before lifting his eyes and slowly sweeping them around him. The clan members were currently no longer as cautious and anxious as they were earlier. A kind of unusual expectation and confidence filled their faces. The origin of this confidence came from him!
At this moment Xiao Yan once again sensed that the heavy burden on his shoulder was really heavy...
"Father rest assured that I will let the Xiao clan once again return to the peak in my hands! Definitely definitely..."
The Misty Cloud Sect"s attack on the Primer clan ultimately ended up with them suffering severe losses. Just as everyone thought that the strongest faction within the Jia Ma Empire would erupt into a thunderbolt-like...
Chapter 693: Xue Mei
Xiao Yan slowly walked into the Alchemist Association which occupied an enormous swath of land with Hai Bodong. The noisiness behind him was gradually cast aside and a faint medicinal fragrance spread out from the place causing one to feel relaxed and happy.
The current Alchemist Association was much more powerful and prosperous in terms of ability and numbers compared to three years ago following alchemists repeatedly joining them during these three years. At the very least there had seldom been such large human traffic within the association back then.
Hai Bodong needed to perform some preparations after entering the association. Hence he merely told Xiao Yan the location of the meeting before leaving by himself.
Xiao Yan still possessed some feelings toward this Alchemist Association he had parted with three years ago. Back then he had experienced a great medicinal refining competition that was extremely tough for him. However he was at most considered a tier 3 alchemist who could refine a tier 4 medicinal pill when he participated in the...
Chapter 694: Fu Yan
Xiao Yan smiled faintly when he saw that bossy face. He was too lazy to say any nonsense as he raised his palm aimed it at Aoba from a distance. A suction force suddenly surged out and forcefully sucked the "Ice Fire Snake Scale Fruit" from the other person"s hand.
"Bastard you are seeking death!"
Aoba was immediately embarrassed when he saw Xiao Yan"s sudden actions. With a furious cry he waved his hand and the ten plus men beside him pounced toward Xiao Yan like hungry tigers.
Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!
Xiao Yan looked indifferently at the dozen men pouncing over. He randomly waved his hand and a wind surged out explosively before immediately smashing violently into the chest of the dozen plus men. The powerful force smashed at them until they flew backward before finally smashing away from the crowd bringing about screams and chaos.
Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Another wave sounded!
Aoba was also stunned when he saw his ten plus subordinates falling in the blink of an eye. He was just about to let out a curse when a human figure flashed in front of them. A black robe strangely surfaced in front of his eyes as a long...
Chapter 695: Meeting
The entire hall was completely silent in front of this somewhat unusual scene. It appeared that even Fu Yan was in disbelief at this scene and his face was completely shocked and dull. He had clearly sensed that the strength of the young man in front of him was ordinary why...
Fu Yan climbed up from the ground miserably. His face was completely flushed red. Being turned into such a miserable state in public by a member of the younger generation had caused this proud person to become crazy.
"Bastard..."
Fu Yan clenched his teeth and cursed. He was just about to attack again when the slight sound of rolling-thunder reverberated out. He immediately felt his eyes suddenly become dazzled as an the expressionless black-robed young man in front of him appeared by his side in a ghost-like manner.
The sudden appearance of the black-robed young man caused the pores on Fu Yan"s entire body to open wide. He was just about to launch an attack when a long warm hand unknowingly appeared on his neck. That ice-cold voice caused his entire body to stiffen.
"You don"t have the qualification to represent my teacher in teaching me..."
Xiao Yan laughed coldly before he suddenly turned his head and spoke faintly while his gaze swept to a corner...
Chapter 696: Revealing Oneself
An unusual atmosphere covered a spacious and well lit large hall. A couple of human figures were seated within it. They would occasionally chat and smile but even while they chatted some of their gazes would involuntarily turn to the door. Clearly they were a little absent-minded.
Although those people who were seated in this place were the leaders of the powerful factions within the Jia Ma Empire they still felt somewhat ansty...
"Creak..."
The tightly shut door suddenly opened as the clear sound of a door opening quietly resounded across the hall.
The backbone of these people within the hall could not help but straighten after the door was opened. Their gazes instantly shifted before stopping at the entrance.
The tightly shut door was completely opened under everyone"s gazes. A moment later a black-robed figure who had been absent for three years entered their eyes.
"Everyone we have not met for three years. Are you well?"
The black-robed person"s appearance and laughter was missing a sentimental tenderness from three years ago as it reverberated softly in the hall.
The reverberating laughter within the hall also caused everyone to throw their gazes toward the entrance. A black-robed young man was standing with a smile at that spot. Sunlight shone into...
Chapter 697: Wedding
Xiao Yan smiled when he heard this. He flicked his finger and a wisp of jade-green flame shot out of the window before disappearing.
A rushing sound suddenly sounded from outside the window just as everyone was feeling uncertain about his actions. Immediately three figures rushed in. The three powerful auras that could stand shoulder to shoulder with an elite Dou Huang caused their expressions to immediately change a little.
"I naturally also have elite Dou Huangs..." Xiao Yan smiled faintly and pointed at Old Yin Gu and the other two who had appeared. However his voice had just sounded when the space around him suddenly rippled. Immediately a somewhat illusionary old figure gradually appeared in front of everyone"s stunned gazes.
"Of course we also have an elite Dou Zong..."
Old laughter slowly sounded the moment that the illusionary figure appeared. A majestic aura that caused those seated to change their expressions drastically immediately surfaced like a rushing torrent of floodwater!
The sunlight passed through the window and landed on the somewhat illusionary old man. However it did not form a slight figure on the ground. This situation appeared somewhat strange.
The human figure which had suddenly appeared and the eruption of the majestic aura that was not the least bit inferior to that of an elite Dou Zong caused everyone to descend into an alert state. Numerous gazes contained some shock as they tared at the former. An enormous...
Chapter 698: Mixed Bone Molding Pill
Xiao Yan"s expression instantly and uncontrollably darkened when he heard these two names being spat out by Hai Bodong. His eyes flicked about and there was some anger faintly seeping out from them.
"Yun Shan wants to help Gu He and Yun Yun hold a wedding?" Everyone in the hall was also stunned when they heard Hai Bodong"s words. They looked at one another in a speechless manner.
"This old fellow... what does he intend to do by doing such a thing now?" Mu Chen knit his brows and asked in a deep voice.
"What else? He is naturally planning to recruit Gu He at this moment. Gu He has become somewhat alienated in the Misty Cloud Sect after Yun Yun was locked up during these few years. He would occasionally use the excuse of searching for medicinal ingredients to leave. Moreover he would remain away for extended periods of time." Jia Xingtian curled his lips and laughed coldly "A tier 6 alchemist is someone that Yun Shan must treat respectfully even with his strength... however it is really unexpected that he would actually be willing to use Yun Yun to trap Gu He."
"Gu He was always attracted to Yun Yun. However in the past the latter is a sect leader and was haughty...
Chapter 699: The Xiao Clan"s Mansion
Hai Bodong and Xiao Yan bid everyone goodbye and left the Alchemist Association after having completed the meeting. The former returned to the Primer clan while Xiao Yan followed the road and walked to the most bustling area in the middle of the city. At this moment there was a new inscription board being hung above the main entrance of a large compound at this location. The flamboyant characters written on it caused quite a number of passersby on the streets to involuntarily pause and take a look.
"Xiao Mansion!"
Xiao Yan helplessly shook his head when he saw that there was a large group of people surrounding the compound outside when he arrived. He could only flash and rush in over the wall.
A couple of rushing wind sounds suddenly appeared when Xiao Yan"s figure had just crossed the compound"s wall. However Xiao Yan did not dodge. He flicked his finger and a rushing wind easily received the attacks of the four black figures who had shot out from the shadows.
"There is no need to panic. It"s me." Xiao Yan randomly defeated the four black figures and spoke with a smile.
The four black figures immediately knelt with one knee on the ground and spoke respectfully...
Chapter 700: Night Discussion
The towering mountain peak of the Misty Cloud Sect was hidden in the darkness of the night. Tiny dense lights were just like fireflies that covered the entire mountains. Although it was already late in the night the defense of this mountain peak was even tighter than in the daytime. Numerous exposed and hidden patrols were wandering the darkness absorbing all activity on the entire mountain into their eyes.
The enormous sect stood on the peak of the Misty Cloud Mountain. It was like a fierce beast under the cover of the hazy night that creeped over to this spot while faintly emitting an unusual pressure that caused one"s hairs to stand on end.
A gentle light was swaying under the wind in a remote hall located deep inside the sect. The faint light covered the entire hall expelling the coldness lingering in the hall.
The enormous hall was empty. Only a person wearing a white-colored robe in the middle gave this large hall a human presence.
Yun Yun was seated cross-legged on a futon. Her graceful noble beautiful face was filled with an unusual fury at this moment. Yun Shan had come to speak to her earlier causing her body to descend into...
Chapter 701: Serene Sea Scaly Beast
The hot temperature covered the tightly shut chamber grilling the inside until it appeared like an oven. A faint white-colored smoke was rising from the crimson-colored medicinal cauldron. Finally it lingered above the chamber and did not scatter...
Xiao Yan"s expression was solemn in front of the medicinal cauldron. His eyes were staring intently at the embryonic medicinal pill that was slowly rotating within the jade-green flame inside the medicinal cauldron. A powerful Spiritual Strength was controlling the rise and fall of the temperature before ultimately stabilizing it at a constant temperature.
Following this warm distillation with a slow flame a rich medicinal fragrance gradually rose from the cauldron after around half an hour. A slight energy ripple was emitted from the medicinal cauldron before it heavily collided against the walls of the medicinal cauldron carrying a low and deep clang sound...
Xiao Yan inhaled the rich medicinal fragrance from the medicinal cauldron. A moment later his eyes were suddenly opened and the cover of the medicinal cauldron automatically opened. The...
Chapter 702: Treatment
"Old Jia why have you woken me up? Didn"t I tell you that with my current diminished condition I will not be able to be of much help..." The enormous beast had just appeared when a thunder-like voice that carried some displeasure resounded over the lake"s surface.
Jia Xingtian who was standing on the top of the lake raised his head and smiled at the Serene Sea Scaly Beast. He said "Old fellow I am not disturbing you. Look. What is this?" Jia Xingtian spoke as he waved his hand. That "Mixed Bone Molding Pill" broke through the jade bottle and was immediately suspended in front of him flickering with a faint luster.
The appearance of the "Mixed Bone Molding Pill" immediately resulted in a rich medicinal fragrance covering this lake. The Serene Sea Scaly Beast sniffed this medicinal fragrance before it was momentarily startled. Its loud voice had an additional joy that was difficult to hide. "The Mixed Bone Molding Pill? You have finally obtained it?"
Jia Xingtian smiled and nodded. His gaze immediately turned to Xiao Yan on the shore and laughed "Mister Xiao Yan we will trouble you for what comes next..."
Xiao Yan nodded slightly when he heard this. His shoulders...
Chapter 703: Arrival of the Big Fight
"The Serene Sea Scaly Beast has already recovered its strength. In that case we will be able to start the big fight with the Misty Cloud Sect after Old Hai refines and absorbs the "Spiritual Purple Recovery Pill" to recover his peak strength...
Xiao Yan was more idle during the remaining two days after the Serene Sea Scaly Beast had completely recovered. Although it was the big fight with the Misty Cloud Sect two days later he had already managed to arrange all the experts on his side. Hence it seemed that he had nothing to do.
During these two days the imperial family the Alchemist Association the Primer clan the Mu clan and the Nalan clan had all begun to maneuver their strength and gather all the experts that they had scattered all over the place making perfect preparations for the big fight during this two days time period.
It was only natural that the large scale maneuver of the few large factions could not escape the notice of those in the outside world. Hence it gave a countless number of people the feeling that a disaster was about to strike. Some of the shrewd people vaguely guessed something after they joined the dots...
Chapter 704: Wedding Day
The Misty Cloud Sect was a sea of joy today. Bright red colors lit this large mountain peak like lanterns.
The wedding of Sect Leader Yun Yun was an extremely important event to the entire Misty Cloud Sect. Moreover the person whom Yun Yun was about to marry was Gu He who possessed an extremely great reputation. Hence today"s wedding would undoubtedly be the most lively day of the Misty Cloud Sect in so many years.
Under this kind of joyous event there were many people who had unknowingly forgotten about all the storms in the outside world. From the view of some people the current strength of the Misty Cloud Sect within the Jia Ma Empire this enormous sect would still not feel threatened even if all the other factions in the empire were to join hands. This kind of confidence originated from their Misty Cloud Sect possessing the only elite Dou Zong in the entire Jia Ma Empire Yun Shan!
The joyous noise resounded throughout the Misty Cloud Mountain since early in the morning. Following the slow rise of the bright sun in the sky their joy became increasingly richer.
There were only two people sitting in a large hall within the Misty Cloud Sect. These two people...
Chapter 705: A Fight with Ten Exchanges
A countless number of gazes on the open ground were lifted when they heard the clear laughter resounding across the sky. They immediately saw a large group of human figures rushing over before finally remaining suspended all over the sky.
The sudden appearance of a large number of people caused some commotion in the open ground. This was because they realized that everyone in the sky had a pair of Dou Qi wings on their backs. In this way all of these people were at least experts of the Dou Wang class!
Quite a number of people quietly inhaled a breath of cool air when they thought of this. There were at the very least a couple dozen human figures in the sky. It was likely that even the Misty Cloud Sect would not be able to attract so many expert Dou Wangs with its strength.
On the wedding stage Yun Shan"s expression slowly turned gloomy after hearing the laugh. He raised his head and his gaze appeared to see through the air as he looked at the black-robed young man flapping his jade-green fire wings in the sky. His dark cold voice resounded over the entire place.
"Ke ke the dog that lost its home back then dares to say such...
Chapter 706: Fighting Gu He
The atmosphere in the sky immediately became tensed with swords drawn after Gu He"s furious laughter sounded.
The expressions of Jia Xing Tian and the others suddenly changed when they heard that Xiao Yan actually made such a promise. Although the former"s strength had soared greatly there was quite a big risk if he wanted to defeat Gu He within ten exchanges. Today all the factions had gathered and headed to the Misty Cloud Sect in the hopes of destroying it in one go. Moreover there was a one hundred thousand member army from the imperial family that had begun to surround the foot of the mountain. If Xiao Yan were to make any mistakes at this moment and allow Gu He to receive ten of his attacks did they really need to stop all their attacks which they had prepared for a long time for?
Would it not be too childish if this were the case? Once they withdrew today it was likely that the Misty Cloud Sect would attack all out the next day and come and look for them one at a time.
Xiao Yan waved his hand when he saw everyone"s expression. After which he flapped his jade-green fire wings on his back and an unusual heat caused the people around him to feel a boiling hot feeling....
Chapter 707: Defeat!
Xiao Yan glanced at the cold smile on Gu He"s face and heard the private conversations that had sounded. He randomly waved his hand and sheathed the Heavy Xuan Ruler before laughing in a faint voice.
"There are still two more moves. Why do you need to celebrate so early? Two moves is enough to finish you..."
Gu He immediately let out a cold laugh when he heard Xiao Yan"s words. The purple fire longsword in his hand was swung and also disappeared. He raised his head and looked at Xiao Yan with a chilly gaze while he said "I want to see just how you will defeat me with just two exchanges left!"
Xiao Yan grinned. The Dou Qi in his body surged and rolled turbulently like a big flood. Waves of powerful energy filled every single part of his body. Such a condition basically allowed Xiao Yan to be able to unleash an extremely frightening force by simply raising his hand.
Gu He also sensed the turbulent Dou Qi within Xiao Yan"s body. His expression immediately became solemn as he circulated the Dou Qi in his body with all his might. If he really did lose to Xiao Yan within ten exchanges under the focus of the experts from...
Chapter 708: Kill Everyone
An earth-shaking explosion resounded across the sky like rolling-thunder. One could still clearly hear it even over a hundred kilometers away...
The loud thunder resounded across the sky causing a countless number of people on the open ground to lift their heads in shock. They could only see that the deep-purple flame had become like a prairie. The enormous sky was occupied by the fire wave. At the middle of the purple fire wave was a cluster of dark-green flame that was unusually bright. It stood majestically still regardless of how the deep-purple flame attacked.
The strange dark-green flame suddenly shook after a couple of breaths. Immediately an intense firestorm erupted from it. Any area occupied by the dark-green flame would cause the purple flame to immediately become like boiling oil meeting ice as it swiftly scattered. That manner actually seemed as though it was no match for an exchange with the dark-green flame.
The dark-green flame was merely a few feet wide initially. However after the instantaneous expansion the deep-purple flame that had spread all over the sky was expelled and swallowed by the other flame in the blink of an eye...
"Grug!...
Chapter 709: Decisive Battle Misty Cloud Sect!
The atmosphere on the Misty Cloud Sect immediately became tense after Yun Shan"s dense cold cry sounded. The autumn wind blew past lifting a couple of fallen leaves as it carried a chilly killing intent that caused one to involuntarily huddle one"s body.
Those Misty Cloud Sect"s Elders who were solemnly waiting all over the Misty Cloud Sect since some time ago slowly revealed the Dou Qi wings on their backs after hearing Yun Shan"s chilly cry. They moved their hands and sharp weapons that contained cold glints leaped out. Numerous piercing glowing eyes shot at the human crowd in the sky which possessed a similarly strong lineup.
Xiao Yan looked at Yun Shan"s face which faintly carried a savage smile. The corner of his mouth had similarly slowly turned dark and dense. He glanced toward Yun Yun by the side of the wedding stage whose face had become anxious because of the fighting atmosphere before softly saying "Yun Shan you need not use such vicious words. Old dog you have caused my father to be missing and destroyed my Xiao clan. The Misty Cloud Sect and I are already in a state where neither would rest until the other parishes. Today either your Misty Cloud...
Chapter 710: Decisive Fight With Yun Shan!
Xiao Yan gradually became cold and quiet after hearing Yun Shan"s cold words that were filled with killing intent. Powerful jade-green Dou Qi curled and rose from his body like a flame and immediately encased his entire within.
Skyfire Three Mysterious Change. He had not used this ever since Xiao Yan had come out from under the grounds of the Jia Nan Academy. Currently the "Heavenly Flame" within his body was merged from the "Green Lotus Core Flame" and the "Fallen Heart Flame." The strength this Secret Technique could procure was entirely dependent on the strength of the "Heavenly Flame". Hence now that Xiao Yan had once again used it the strength that it increased to was naturally much greater than when he used it back then.
Back when Xiao Yan was within the Dou Ling class he was able to rely on this Secret Technique to fight with Liu Qing Lin Xiuya and other people at the peak of the Dou Ling class or even those expert Dou Wangs. Hence after he had used the Skyfire Three Mysterious Change the strength on his surface was no longer inferior to that of a four or five star elite Dou Huang. Adding this to the uniqueness of the "Flame Mantra" as well as his physical...
Chapter 711: Great Sorrowful Wind Tearing Hand!
Xiao Yan sensed an unusual pressure being slowly spreading from the former"s body after Yun Shan"s cold voice slowly sounded. Under this pressure the powerful flowing Dou Qi within his body also showed some signs of being slowed.
Deep-green Dou Qi that was just like liquid it completely wrapped around Yun Shan"s body. The repeatedly circulating Dou Qi emitted a faint glow. Some fluctuations even appeared in the surrounding air under this glow. Yun Shan was indeed worthy of being a true elite Dou Zong with just this aura of his being sufficient to create such a scene!
The powerful pressure that slowly spread out from Yun Shan"s body like a torrent of water also attracted the attention of the chaotic battleground in the sky and the people in the open ground below. Immediately numerous alarmed and uncertain gazes were shot out.
Although they were quite far apart most of the people present were not ordinary people. Their eyesight was naturally extremely sharp. Hence they were able to see the bright-red fist imprint on Yun Shan"s chest at a glance. They were involuntarily slightly startled. The gaze that they used to look at Xiao Yan had become somewhat unusual. It was unexpected that this fellow was able to leave behind...
Chapter 712: Protector W
Yun Shan who had received a heavy blow in the sky swiftly fell in front of many shocked gazes. However when he was still a few dozens of meters from the ground both of his feet suddenly pressed on the empty air and his body once again stabilized. However the remnant blood trace on the corner of his mouth and his savage frightening face still proved that the sudden attack earlier had only caused him some injuries.
Who could actually turn an elite Dou Zong like Yun Shan into such a miserable state? This thought flashed across the hearts of many people. Their gazes immediately shifted up before finally stopping at the black-robed young man in the sky... the somewhat illusionary human figure beside him.
"Who is that?"
Their faces were all stunned and at a loss when they saw that illusionary human figure who was suspended beside Xiao Yan. Clearly they were extremely unfamiliar with this mysterious expert who had suddenly appeared.
Other people might be unfamiliar with this illusionary figure but the faces of Jia Xing Tian Hai Bodong and the others were suddenly filled with joy when they saw the former intervening. The strongest trump card of Xiao Yan had finally...
Chapter 713: Submerged Wind Braking Blades
"Clang!"
The black-colored chain was just like a poisonous snake as it suddenly penetrated the air and transformed into a blurry black line that shot explosively toward Yao Lao a short distance away.
The tip of the chain was unusually sharp and filled with a mysterious rune. Circles of spiraling lines covered the tip of the chain. Under the energy activation of Protector Wu some evil aura seeped out from it. This deep profound chain was not an ordinary metal chain.
Yao Lao also did not dare to slight this chain that pierced through the sky toward him. This "Hall of Souls" was extremely mysterious. Their attacks also appeared to be able to cause massive damage toward spiritual bodies. However it was fortunate that Yao Lao was not an ordinary spiritual body. With the protection of the "Bone Chilling Flame" he was not totally without any ability to fight back against the powerful hunter of the "Hall of Souls".
The dense white flame in his palm withered up and down before suddenly transforming into a fire arrow that shot out explosively. Finally it violently collided with that black chain.
"Bang!"
A low deep sound appeared when the two collided. However there...
Chapter 714: Trump Card Three Colored Fire Lotus
The enormous energy handprint surfaced in front of the countless number of shocked gazes. It immediately paused for a moment before it carried an unusually powerful pressure and energy fluctuation as it violently clashed against the energy longsword that shot over.
"Bang!"
The two extremely frightening attacks met in the sky an instant later. A thunder-like explosion suddenly resounded over the sky. Despite having been prepared for it there were still quite a number of people whose ears rang for awhile. Even their vision had become a little blurry.
Waves of substance-like energy ripples fluctuated wildly from the spot where the two fierce attacks collided. Even the space itself had become distorted under this frightening energy collision. From this one could tell just how frightening the attacks the two people had unleashed were.
The distorted space also enveloped the spots where Xiao Yan and Yun Shan stood. Hence the many gazes that were looking at the sky did not know just who among these two people had obtained an advantage in this frightening energy collision.
The energy ripple that spread through the air slowly faded away in front of the focus of a countless number of gazes a moment later. That distorted space had also gradually...
Chapter 715: Explosion of the Fire Lotus
Yun Shan"s expression immediately became ugly when his gaze swept over the three different colored fire lotus that was suspended above Xiao Yan"s palm. The frightening energy that seeped out from that strange fire lotus was something that caused even him to feel a kind of unusual pressure.
"How can this bastard perform such a powerful attack with his strength?" Yun Shan furiously roared within his heart. His forward charging figure immediately paused before his body swiftly rushed backward. A majestic deep-green Dou Qi suddenly surged out from his body like a torrent when he was hurrying away. His hair was all standing straight appearing as though he had been electrocuted. In a mere instant that powerful Dou Qi formed a green-colored tornado that was over a hundred feet large in the sky. His body was completely covered by that tornado.
Numerous gazes on the open ground looked at Yun Shan who managed to rely on his own powerful Dou Qi to agglomerate such a large tornado within a short period of time. They could not help but whistle a praise. He was indeed worthy of being an expert at the Dou Zong class. This skill alone was something that not a single elite Dou Huang present could disp...
Chapter 716: Kill?
Bang!
The thunder-like explosion resounded across the sky. The three colored fire wave and the deep-green Dou Qi were mixing with each other all over the sky. Finally they acted like the churning ocean waves as they swept in all directions.
The sweeping of the frightening fire wave in all directions affected the chaotic battleground in the distant sky. Those who responded quickly managed to escape from the danger but those who were slightly slower were struck head on by the fire wave. Immediately their chests seemed to have received a violent hammer-like blow and a mouthful of fresh bright-red blood that carried some heat was spat out. The blood swiftly vaporized under the high temperature of the fire wave.
The sunlight that scattered down from the sky had also vanished at this moment. A four colored fire wave appeared to be like layers of dark clouds that covered the sky above the Misty Cloud Mountain. Even sunlight had difficulty penetrating this thick fire cloud layer.
The fire wave carried a frightening energy that swept horizontally across the sky. With the exception of a small number of people the remaining experts desperately descended afraid of ending up in a miserable state if they were to be tainted by that fire wave.
Cluck!
The fire-red clouds...
Chapter 717: Killing Yun Shan!
Xiao Yan laughed out loud as a craziness surfaced on his face. The Dou Qi within his body madly followed his veins and surged onto his fist. Finally it smashed ruthlessly toward Yun Shan"s heart. It was just about to strike its target when a sharp female cry suddenly sounded from the open ground below.
"Xiao Yan don"t!"
The familiar voice caused Xiao Yan"s fist to pause. His gaze involuntarily shifted down and immediately saw Yun Yun"s pretty pale-white face that was filled with a plea.
The state of mind of Xiao Yan that was filled with killing intent began to tremble a little when he saw the pretty pale-white face that was covered with a pleading look. He was not totally unaffected by the words and actions of this woman...
The time over the entire sky appeared to have stilled at this moment. A countless number of gazes stared intently at the young man in the sky without blinking. His next action would determine the fate of the Misty Cloud Sect!
The fists of Hai Bodong and the others were clenched tightly. They almost involuntarily felt like jumping on the spot the moment they saw Xiao Yan"s punch stopped...
Chapter 718: Unexpected Turn of Events
The huge open ground had turned unusually quiet at this very moment. Everyone"s faces were dull as they looked at this sudden unexpected change that had occurred. Some of the Elders from the Misty Cloud Sect were all at a loss. Was this mysterious Protector Wu not the sect leader"s helper? Why...
The chewing sound reverberated across the unusually quiet sky. Some people could imagine just what kind of frightening scene was happening within the black fog. A person"s body became chilly just thinking about it.
"What happened?" Xiao Yan was also shocked by this sudden scene. He tried his best to struggle and prevent himself from falling unconscious. He took out a medicinal pill from his storage ring and stuffed it into his mouth. He soon sensed the warm energy that appeared within his empty body. His blurry vision was also slightly clearer as his gaze stared intently at the cluster of black fog before asking in surprise.
"That fellow seems to have swallowed Yun Shan"s spirit..." Yao Lao"s face was unusually solemn at this moment. He could sense the a dark cold unusual aura within the black fog was swiftly becoming stronger.
Xiao Yan"s expression changed...
Chapter 719: Reappearance of Nalan Yanran
A clear sword whistle resounded across the sky. Immediately a rainbow sword glow flashed from the mountain behind the Misty Cloud Sect. Within a couple of breaths it appeared in the sky above this messy open ground.
The rainbow glow scattered revealing the human figure within it. She was wearing a black dress. Her smooth black hair gently flowed down her shoulders passing over her pretty waist and gathering near her backside. Her female eyebrows appeared like a picture while her skin was like icy snow. Her pretty face was somewhat skinny but it coincidentally formed a perfect contour that caused people to involuntarily let out praise within their heart. What a pretty girl...
The woman who had suddenly appeared was also startled because of the mess in the open ground. Her gaze immediately turned to Yun Yun in the sky who was looking at her with a startled look. That pretty face which seemed to be broken with a blow immediately revealed a heart moving smile. A clear voice that was filled with pleasure sounded from the sky.
"Teacher..."
"Yanran... you... you have really broken through the Gate of Life and Death?" Yun Yun greatly rejoiced as she looked at the lady...
Yao Lao Fighting Protector W
Xiao Yan"s and Yao Lao"s expressions changed slightly when they saw Protector Wu turned his eyes and change his target to the two of them. Earlier he came to a draw with Yao Lao. However now that he had swallowed the spirits of Yun Shan and the couple of Misty Cloud Sect"s Elders his strength had soared. With this increase of strength Yao Lao would definitely have difficulty contending with him. Given Xiao Yan"s current seriously injured condition it was impossible for him to last even one exchange with Protector Wu. Hence if he forcefully tried to fight not only would he be unable to give the slightest support to Yao Lao but would also cause Yao Lao to have to divert his attention to protect him.
"Fight with him!" Xiao Yan clenched his left hand tightly and grit his teeth viciously. He had already come to a decision in his heart. If this fellow really wanted to harm Yao Lao he would cause this person to feel terrible even if he had to risk his life.
Yao Lao slowly grabbed Xiao Yan"s hand just as this thought lingered in the latter"s heart. He smiled and spoke faintly "Leave him to me. You should go over to Hai Bodong"s side."
Xiao Yan was startled. He turned his head and looked at Yao Lao"s face which contained a slight smile. He clenched his teeth and spoke softly "Teacher you..."
"Relax even though his strength has soared greatly it will not be easy for him to kill me." Yao...
Chapter 721: Big Fight Between Dou Zongs
A countless number of gazes were immediately thrown over upon hearing the cool voice that had suddenly resounded through the sky. All of these gazes were momentarily absent-minded when they saw that bewitching lady. This kind of bewitching demon-like face really attracted too much attention.
Of course some of those people whom were quite familiar with this face changed their expressions drastically and let out exclamations upon seeing it.
"Queen Medusa?" Jia Xing Tian Fa Ma and the other experts looked at the lady who had pulled Xiao Yan back as she withdrew with shocked faces as they involuntarily cried out.
The cries of these few people also caused a commotion within the open ground. The fierce reputation of Queen Medusa was extremely great within the Jia Ma Empire. Although her traces had vanished these couple of years her fierce reputation was still not reduced by much.
Hai Bodong was a little better compared with the shock of Jia Xing Tian and the others. He had already seen Medusa once. Although he was not certain about the relationship between her and Xiao Yan it did not seem like they were enemies.
"With her intervention it is likely that this situation will...
Chapter 722: Captured
The pained expression on the illusionary human head that had expanded to hundreds of feet in size had immediately solidified when Protector Wu"s laughter resounded over the sky. An unusually dense black glow erupted from all the holes on it. An instant later it suddenly burst apart in front of numerous shocked gazes. Bang! The loud sound was like rolling-thunder that resounded across the mountain. An extremely frightening black-colored tide surged out in all directions from the illusionary human head that had burst apart like a volcanic eruption. Finally it engulfed the entire area.
The darkness this time around was extremely complete. The sun in the sky appeared to vanish from the sky at this moment. The entire world was suddenly filled with darkness.
The darkness covered the land causing everyone to voice their alarm. A moment later numerous various colored Dou Qi erupted. However even with the help of the glow from the Dou Qi one could merely see a radius of a couple of feet in this unusual world of darkness.
"What happened?"
"What exactly happened?"
The sudden darkness caused a commotion to immediately break out on the open ground. A countless number of people let out an exclamation...
Chapter 723: Pain
A slight tremble suddenly appeared in the black curtain that spread over the sky. A moment later a couple of black lines were quietly spread out. The glaring sunlight immediately scattered in and expelled all the darkness within this area...
The black curtain swiftly disappeared and everyone on the open ground used their hands to cover the sunlight that had suddenly scattered down. A moment later they finally raised their heads and looked at the distant sky.
Protector Wu stood in the air. His hand was dragging a cluster of black fog at this moment. There was a somewhat familiar fluctuation being emitted from the black fog.
Protector Wu"s hand seal changed as his hand grabbed the cluster of black fog tightly. After which it was swiftly sucked into a ring on his finger. He immediately heaved a long sigh of relief. He had finally captured this old fellow who had escaped for so many years. The hall"s chief would be happy when he returned this time around.
Protector Wu glanced at Medusa who was rushing over after trapping Yao Lao"s spirit into the storage ring. He merely laughed coldly as his body trembled slightly. After which...
Chapter 724: Dealing With The Misty Cloud Sect
The open ground immediately became quiet when Xiao Yan"s crimson eyes swept down. Some of the Misty Cloud Sect"s disciples quietly swallowed a mouthful of saliva. They felt an uneasiness in their hearts. Now that the mysterious great demon had fled it was likely the time to come and look for the Misty Cloud Sect to settle their debt.
Hai Bodong and the others were startled when they saw Xiao Yan"s expression. They immediately moved their bodies and appeared beside Xiao Yan and stared at the area below with ill intent.
Yun Yun"s pretty face changed slightly when she saw the lineup in the sky. She pressed her delicate hand down and suppressed the commotion on the open ground. Currently Yun Shan was already dead. Therefore she had once again become the person in charge of all matters within the Misty Cloud Sect. It was due to this that she could not just watch the Misty Cloud Sect be destroyed by Xiao Yan"s hand.
"You... what exactly do you want to do? It"s already at a time like this. Why don"t you just speak forthright? What exactly do you want to do?"
Yun Yun clenched her silver teeth. Her drifting eyes finally...
Chapter 725: The Fate of the Misty Cloud Sect
Nalan Yanran was actually defeated by Xiao Yan after merely two or three exchanges. This was something that caused Nalan Yanran to feel shocked. Only at this moment did she completely believe that Yun Shan had truly been defeated by Xiao Yan"s hands. On top of being shocked she also felt somewhat dejected. Originally she had thought that after passing the test of the "Gate of Life and Death" the great increase in her strength would definitely be able to surpass Xiao Yan. However reality gave her a cruel answer.
Her neck was extended in a graceful arc. However it did not dare to move even a little under his slightly trembling hand. Currently Xiao Yan was not in a calm state. Should he really furiously unleashed his strength it was likely that this female soul would become another icy corpse on this open ground.
"Xiao Yan! Don"t hurt Yanran!"
The split second exchange had also caught Yun Yun a little off guard. By the time she had recovered she saw that Xiao Yan had actually restrained Nalan Yanran. Her heart immediately rose as she cried out involuntarily.
"Mister Xiao Yan please show mercy!"
Nalan Jie and Nalan Su in the sky had also been shocked to the point where cold sweat flowed...
Chapter 726: End
Only Xiao Yan"s cold voice slowly reverberated across this quiet sky. Countless numbers of Misty Cloud Sect disciples sighed in relief at this moment before immediately feeling sorrowful. Back then the Misty Cloud Sect was so grand. It was unexpected that now it had ended up at a stage where others could butcher it. This kind of difference was really difficult for anyone to accept.
Of course no matter how difficult it was to accept it these Misty Cloud Sect"s disciples had no solution to it. Looking at Xiao Yan"s rising killing aura it was likely that he had long since planned to wash the Misty Cloud Sect in blood. If Sect Leader Yun Yun didn"t have some connection with him it was likely that flood of blood would have flowed like a river on the open ground at this moment. Hence being able to keep their lives was already an extremely lucky thing for them.
Yun Yun"s lovely body trembled slightly when she heard Xiao Yan"s cold tone that suggested he was giving the final verdict. The back of her teeth bit tightly on her lower red lip. Her face was covered with an unusual paleness. Was this Misty Cloud Sect really going to be ruined in her hands...
Yun Yun clenched and unclenched her hands....
Chapter 727: Situation
The events that transpired in the Misty Cloud Sect spread to every corner of the Jia Ma Empire within a few days as though the news had sprouted wings. A great disturbance rose within the entire Jia Ma Empire in an instant.
Almost everyone knew just how powerful and frightening the strength of the Misty Cloud Sect was in the Jia Ma Empire. Due to Yun Shan being present these few years the reputation of the Jia Ma Empire had greatly rose. However the shocking news of the Misty Cloud Sect being disbanded was currently spreading. This was undoubtedly an earth-shakingly big matter to the citizens of the Jia Ma Empire.
While this matter was spreading and creating an uproar the main character of this issue Xiao Yan from the Xiao clan also became completely known to everyone within the Jia Ma Empire. Some people might feel somewhat unfamiliar and at a loss about the name but those with a good memory would still be able to vaguely remember the rookie who had rose like a comet within the empire from three years ago...
However Xiao Yan back then was merely a very outstanding individual among the younger generations. He was not worth mentioning in the eyes of an old demon like Yun Shan. Hence...
Chapter 728: The Great Meeting of Factions
"Ha ha little fellow your bones are indeed very hard. I thought that you would need to at least rest for one month before you would have the strength to speak. It is unexpected that you have recovered some strength after only half a month. This is really surprising."
An old clear laugh was suddenly transmitted into the large spacious hall. Hai Bodong"s figure slowly appeared in the eyes of everyone.
Xiao Yan also smiled slightly when he saw Hai Bodong"s figure. He got up invited him in before once again returning to his seat.
Hai Bodong"s gaze carefully swept over Xiao Yan"s body after sitting in a chair. A moment later the surprise in his eyes became astonishment as he exclaimed "Your aura..." From the way Hai Bodong looked at it Xiao Yan"s aura was somewhat unsteady as it rose and fell. It seemed quite similar to the situation when one was just about to advance one"s strength.
Xiao Yan smiled and nodded when he saw the astonishment on Hai Bodong"s face. He softly said "Although my injuries were extremely serious this time it seems to have allowed me to touch the barrier of the Dou Huang class. If I am lucky I will soon be able to try breaking into the Dou Huang level."
A joy spread over Hai Bodong"s face when he heard this. He immediately smacked his lips and exclaimed out loud....
Chapter 729: Poison Sect
Xiao Yan"s eyes flicked around when he saw Hai Bodong"s smiling manner. A moment later he narrowed his eyes and nodded slightly. He spoke in a deep voice "In that case I would need to trouble Old Hai to help me contact chairman Fa Ma and the heads of the few other large clans once I completely recover from my injuries. It is also time for the sky of the Jia Ma Empire to change!"
Hai Bodong grinned and nodded upon hearing this. He ultimately believed that Xiao Yan"s footsteps should not stop in the Jia Ma Empire. The enormous Dou Qi Continent would be the place for him to play in.
Xiao Yan did not go out during the period after he and Hai Bodong had finished their discussion. Instead he quietly remained in the Xiao Mansion and focused on recuperating from his injuries. If he wanted to build a faction that was even stronger than the Misty Cloud Sect in this Jia Ma Empire he would need to have a sufficient strength to deter all the factions and experts within the empire. Otherwise it would merely just be a joke in the end.
During the time that Xiao Yan was calmly recuperating the Misty Cloud Mountain had finally been completely emptied. After many Misty Cloud Sect"s disciples left some people within the Jia Ma Empire...
Chapter 730: The Things Yao Lao Left Behind
Xiao Yan stayed within a chamber while the outsider world was in an uproar over the matter regarding the Misty Cloud Sect. He put in all his effort to heal his body"s injuries as soon as possible without receiving any sequelae.
The injuries that Xiao Yan received this time around were more serious compared to any other time. Hence even with his strong physical body and his knowledge in alchemy attempting to fully recover still required him to spend quite a long period of time. Xiao Yan did not appear frustrated because of this. Nothing wrong could happen during something like recuperation. Otherwise his situation would be even worse if he added injuries on top of injuries within his body. For someone with Xiao Yan"s strength it was not frightening to receive some injuries. What was frightening was when injuries left behind a sequela that posed an enormous hindrance toward him when he attempted to charge to a higher level.
However this kind of worry was not considered a big matter for Xiao Yan. Being an alchemist he knew just how he could use the safest method to allow himself to gradually recover. All he needed was some time...
A black-robed young man was seated on a rock bed...
Chapter 731: The Initial Form of a Faction
Xiao Yan"s eyes slowly swept over the medicinal ingredients recorded within the scroll. He nodded a moment later and descended into a deep thought after returning the scroll to the ring. These medicinal ingredients were quite rare. It was likely that one would spend quite a lot of time in order to gather all of them. It seemed that he would need to look for Old Hai regarding the matter involving these medicinal ingredients. Being in possession of the largest auction house within the empire it naturally had an unusually rich store. Although these medicinal ingredients were rare it should be possible to gather some of them.
Xiao Yan let out a gentle sigh of relief when he thought of this. He flipped his body and descended from the stone bed before slowly walking out of the chamber.
He had just walked out of the room when a female servant who had been waiting outside for a long time hurried forward. After which she spoke respectfully "Third Young Master First Young Master said to invite you to the living room should you exit from the chamber."
Xiao Yan nodded slightly upon hearing this. He waved his hand to dismiss the female servant before striding to the living room.
Xiao Yan appeared outside the living room after around ten minutes. He heard...
Chapter 732: Parting Ways
Nalan Yaran flew in a certain direction out of the city once she left the Xiao clan. Xiao Yan knit his brows slightly and followed close behind.
Her speed was not reduced even after flying out of the capital. Instead she flew in the direction of the Misty Cloud Mountain. Xiao Yan pondered for a moment when he saw this before continuing to follow. With his current strength he need not be worried that Nalan Yanran might play a trick. Although the latter was also at the peak of the Dou Wang class Xiao Yan had the confidence to kill her within ten exchanges if they were to really fight.
They flew above the enormous plains as though they were chasing after the stars and moon until the Misty Cloud Mountain that penetrated the sky appeared in his sight. Xiao Yan"s speed was increased. A moment later he followed close behind Nalan Yanran and appeared on the Misty Cloud Mountain.
Xiao Yan"s figure was standing in the air. His gaze swept over the empty sect below. At this moment there was not even a little of the liveliness of the past in the current Misty Cloud Sect. Not even half a human figure could be seen as the autumn wind blew past. The open ground was messy and especially desolat...
Chapter 733: Full Recovery
Xiao Yan was not able to stop Yun Yun"s departure. This was because he clearly understood within his heart that despite Yun Yun not having developed too much hatred over the destruction of the Misty Cloud Sect she was ultimately the sect leader of the Misty Cloud Sect no matter how one put it. It was impossible for her not to feel a slight grudge. At the same time she may have been thinking of remaining by Xiao Yan"s side to lend him a hand but she still faintly felt some resistance to such an idea.
This resistance came from her feelings toward the Misty Cloud Sect. It came from the many years that the Misty Cloud Sect had groomed her.
Perhaps part of the reason Yun Yun wanted to leave the Jia Ma Empire this time around was to resolve the resistance she felt in her heart. She had mentioned that she would be able to return the day she was able to place the Misty Cloud Sect deep within her heart without it being brought back up.
It was not difficult for Xiao Yan to forcefully get Yun Yun to stay given his current strength and those of the experts beside him. He had special feelings for Yun Yun. Those matters within the "Magical Beast Mountain Range" when he was...
Chapter 734: Alliance
When the warm sunlight gradually covered the entire capital the next day the entrance to the Xiao Mansion that was seated in the middle of the capital continuously received people from the few strongest factions within the capital. Many people could see the coat of arms that represented the various factions pausing by the entrance from a great distance. They had a feeling that a major change was about to happen within the Jia Ma Empire.
The defense of the entire Xiao clan was unusually tight today. Any person not from the clan walking near it would immediately attract over a dozen eyes. If any person who arrived displayed even the slightest illegal activity it was likely that that person would garner numerous attacks.
There was a large Meeting Room that was positioned in the middle of the Xiao Mansion. Not many people could enter this place. There were a couple of people there but they were equivalent to the strongest few factions within the Jia Ma Empire.
However the tension within the room was not as tense as expected. There were only a couple people that could enter into this room and they represented the largest factions within Jia Ma Empire...
Chapter 735: Yan Alliance
The helpless expression on Fa Ma"s face grew even richer under the focus of Xiao Yan"s gaze. However he did not open his mouth. The alliance that Xiao Yan had mentioned might be extremely alluring but the reputation that this association possessed in the Jia Ma Empire was only inferior to that of the Misty Cloud Sect. Moreover even the Misty Cloud Sect was afraid of them from a certain point of view due to them having many alchemists. After all they were extremely clear of the ability to gather experts that alchemists possessed.
Being the head of the Alchemist Association Fa Ma"s reputation within the Jia Ma Empire was something that even Pill-King Gu He could not match. After so many years of networking he had a relationship with quite a number of experts. Hence unless there was a benefit that would cause him to submit it was likely difficult for him to nod his head in agreement if one wanted him to join the alliance that Xiao Yan has established.
The atmosphere within the hall immediately became much more tense as Xiao Yan stared at Fa Ma while the latter remained silent. Everyone was expressionless. However a thought had swiftly lingered in their hearts. From the looks of this old fellow Fa Ma it seemed that he was unwilling to get the Alchemist Association to merge into...
Chapter 736: Succeed
"Yan Alliance?"
Jia Xing Tian softly uttered the name in his mouth. His eyes moved to Xiao Yan by the side and laughed "Good name. It is likely that the position of this Yan Alliance in the future will far surpass the Misty Cloud Sect. Hopefully there will be a seat for the Jia Ma Empire in the northwestern region in the future."
XIao Yan nodded with a smile and softly replied "Xiao Yan will naturally do my best."
"Ke ke since this alliance has been established we will naturally need a leader who will lead everyone..." Fa Ma stood up and smiled as he said "It seems that this position will definitely belong to little friend Xiao Yan."
Mu Chen Nalan Jie and the others hurriedly voiced their agreement after hearing Fa Ma"s words. After Xiao Yan had spent so much time and effort to establish a faction these people would naturally not naively think that he was impartial. The position of the Alliance Chief was naturally encapsulated within it. Naturally there would not be anyone who would foolishly voice any opposition in this kind of situation.
Xiao Yan smiled in the face of this agreement. He did not purposefully put up an act...
Chapter 737: Refine
The establishment of the Yan Alliance had instantly stirred up an uproar within the Jia Ma Empire as expected. Countless numbers of people were shocked at this alliance that had gathered all the strong. The three large clans of the empire and the Alchemist Association. This lineup could already be comparable to the Misty Cloud Sect back then. No one had expected that Xiao Yan would actually be able to achieve something that even the Misty Cloud Sect had failed to do. He even managed to form it properly and quietly.
Quite a number of people faintly had the feeling that this Jia Ma Empire might well be the world of the "Yan Alliance" in the future.
The Misty Cloud Sect had truly been replaced.
During the time where the outside world was in an uproar over the establishment of the "Yan Alliance" Xiao Yan completely ignored everything in the outside world and quietly remained in his chamber. He prepared to refine the medicinal pill that would extend his second brother"s life.
Xiao Yan was seated cross-legged on a rock bed within the chamber. A crimson-colored medicinal cauldron was standing in front of him. Various medicinal ingredients were neatly laid out on a stone platform by his side. The rich medicinal fragrance spread out before shrouding the...
Chapter 738: The Thought of Undertaking a Retreat
Xiao Yan was deep in thought as he carefully tasted that strange feeling. It was a long while later before he slowly opened his eyes and gently exhaled. His eyes wandered.
"I am able to sense it but I ultimately have difficulty truly breaking through that barrier. It seems that I must find a quiet place to undertake a proper retreat during this period of time. Otherwise it might be disadvantageous by dragging things out for too long." Xiao Yan softly muttered. Although he had not touched that mysterious barrier for the first time there was ultimately still a certain gap.
Xiao Yan mused for a moment before he once again became calm. He waved his hand and a jade-green flame once again surged into the medicinal cauldron. He flicked his finger and over ten jade boxes appeared from his storage ring before landing beside him.
The "Deep Green Longevity Pill" had been successfully refined. Next Xiao Yan needed to refine some Yaowan for Zi Yan. This girl also seemed to be about to breakthrough. She would require an unusually large amount of energy to complete this advancement. Hence Xiao Yan did not hesitate to take out some of those rare medicinal ingredients...
Chapter 739: Qingshan
This time around Xiao Yan did not drag things out. After accounting to Xiao Ding and Xiao Li about this matter he found Zi Yan in the mansion and brought her along as he quietly left.
Xiao Yan was bringing Zi Yan along and was just about to leave the empire quickly using his Dou Qi wings to travel when Zi Yan by his side pulled his sleeve. Her little hand pointed in front of them and laughed with a clear voice "Cai Lin jie (older sister) is there."
Xiao Yan was immediately startled when he heard these words. He hurriedly threw his gaze in the direction she pointed and did indeed see Medusa"s bewitching figure leaning lazily on a tree trunk. Her pretty eyes were starting at the two of them.
"Why are you here?" Xiao Yan asked in surprised.
"Don"t think that you can bring Zi Yan away by yourself. I am worried about her following you." Medusa faintly replied. She immediately walked over with slow footsteps and lifted Zi Yan up while ignoring Xiao Yan"s stunned eyes.
Xiao Yan helplessly shook his head when he saw this. He could only say "Alright you can follow. I am going to undertake a retreat and not to have fun. The reason I am bringing Zi Yan along is also because she will require an enormous amount of energy in order for her to advance and the place that I am heading to is very suitable for her."
While he spoke in this manner with his mouth Xiao Yan"s shoulders shook and his jade-green fire wings slowly extended out. Finally they transformed into beautiful fire wings that were over ten feet long.
"You can...
Chapter 740: Meeting an Acquaintance
Ling Er"s gaze paused momentarily on the black robe before swiftly shifting up. A young handsome face that was covered with a calm expression appeared in her sight.
She opened her sleek red small mouth as she looked at the young face feeling somewhat absent-minded. For some unknown reason she repeatedly felt that she seemed acquainted with this face. However she was still unable to think of where she had seen it no matter how she recalled at this moment.
Ka Gang who was on the ground after being beaten took the opportunity to climb to his feet. He ignored the trace of blood on the corner of his mouth and charged forward to protect Ling Er. He raised his head and spoke with gratitude to the black-robed young man in front of him "Mister thank you very much for rescuing us!"
Many people on the street had also recovered at this moment. Their gazes were shocked as they looked at this black-robed young man who appeared quite young. Although they were very surprised that he was able to force back the scarred man who was a three star Dou Shi with a strike many people revealed pitiful gazes toward him. Did this little young fellow not know just how arrogant and despotic the Snake Nest Mercenary Company was in the Qingshan Town? With the support of the He clan from the Black Rock City no one within a five hundred...
Chapter 741: Strange Mountain Valley
Ka Gang throat rolled as he watched Xiao Yan leave in an unusual manner. He lowered his head to look at the jade bottles in his hand. Suddenly he fell to his knees and did his best to kowtow three times toward the spot that Xiao Yan had disappeared from. After which he pulled Ling Er and rushed in the direction where the Bloody Battle Mercenary Company was located. His instincts told him that as long as he did as Xiao Yan had said this danger that they faced would definitely be resolved!
A wild wind blew over the vast sea of trees causing a wave to sweep through it. A whistle rumbled and spread over the entire mountain range.
The rushing sound of wind suddenly appeared above the sea of trees. Three black figures immediately flashed over from a distant. Finally their figures shook and paused in the sky while their eyes repeatedly swept over the place under them.
Due to some changes in the terrain after not having returned for many years the position of the small mountain valley appeared to have become a little different. Hence Xiao Yan wasted a lot of time while he searched for the location.
Xiao Yan"s gaze slowly swept over the dense forest below. His eyes brightened...
Chapter 742: The Mysterious Black Figure
A black figure appeared in a strange manner on the wall where wild grass grew. The body of the figure was completely wrapped in a black cloak. An ordinary person was not even able to differentiate whether the figure was male or female. Only an indifferent gaze shot out from the cloak and looked at the three people in the valley without any emotion.
Xiao Yan was also slightly startled by this black figure which had suddenly appeared. It was unexpected that there was really someone in this mountain valley.
Xiao Yan narrowed his eyes and stared at the black figure. His Spiritual Strength was spread out in a lightning-like manner but he ended up frowning a moment later. He was surprised to discover that his Spiritual Strength had difficulty extending even a little further when it was still a couple of meters from the black figure. This kind of unusual circumstance was something that he had met for the first time in so many years.
"Remain behind? There has yet to be anyone who have the qualifications to say such things to this Queen!" Medusa also swiftly recovered. A cold smile immediately surfaced on her face. Killing intent brewed quietly in her eyes. An instant later her finger was suddenly flicked...
Chapter 743: Little Fairy Doctor?
Xiao Yan"s cry was like thunder that reverberated over the mountain range. The black figure that was about to disappear paused momentarily because of his voice.
Xiao Yan looked at the human figure that had paused momentarily in the distance. The guess in his heart was confirmed by their hesitation. He did not expect that he would still be able to see her in this place after so many years. However why was the current her completely different compared to the past? Could it be... Could it be that the so-called "Woeful Poison Body" had already completely erupted?
When this thought rolled in Xiao Yan"s heart he flapped the wings on his back abruptly without thinking. His body rushed over toward the black figure.
The black figure shook a little after it seemed to have sensed Xiao Yan"s actions. However it did not turn around. The dense gray fog surged out from its body. Immediately the gray fog burst apart amid a slight muffled sound. The figure strangely disappeared into nothing.
The cluster of gray fog that had burst apart swiftly scattered after the human figure vanished. A moment later it turned...
Chapter 744: Zi Yan"s Advancement
The lethal poison that was hidden all over the valley appeared to have received a command as it completely vanished after the Little Fairy Doctor left. This caused Xiao Yan who wanted to undertake a retreat within it to quietly sigh in relief. He also knew that the former was currently not that kind girl from back then. Moreover her poison skill was unique and unpredictable. Although he still believed within his heart that she would not really kill him it was a troublesome matter if he were to make contact with these lethal poisons. This point was something that Xiao Yan had clearly felt when he helped Nalan Jie expel the poison in the latter"s body back then.
Xiao Yan dispatched a messenger bird to the capital after he had settled down in the small valley. He briefly accounted for the position he was located in order for Xiao Ding and the others to be able to send someone to look for him should anything happen in the future.
After accounting for everything Xiao Yan searched this small valley in detail. The size of the valley was not very big but the various rare medicinal ingredients that grew within it caused even the current him to be a little moved. It was unexpected that this little...
Chapter 745: Pill Formed
The purple-colored glow on the surface of the light cocoon alternated between bright and dark. It was just like the beating of a heart and possessed a rhythm. If a person with sharp senses was present he would be able to sense that each time the glow on the light cocoon changed the natural energy within the valley would slightly fluctuate. The great amount of energy would be absorbed into the light cocoon causing the light on the body of the cocoon to become even brighter.
Medusa was seated cross-legged on a huge rock not far from the light cocoon. Her gaze was focused intently on the activity of the light cocoon. It was a long while later before she relaxed a little. She turned her gaze and observed the mountain cave under the mountain wall where a rich pill fragrance continued to flow out of. She helplessly shook her head. It had been a month since Xiao Yan had entered the cave to refine medicinal pills. However from the looks of it it seemed that there was no sign of it ending. At the same time Zi Yan ceased having any other response after transforming into a light cocoon three days ago. She was repeatedly absorbing the surrounding natural energy every day. However there was not the slightest change in her body. Looking at this...
Chapter 746: He Clan
The Bloody Battle Mercenary Company had always been the largest and most renowned mercenary company within a fifty kilometer radius of the Qingshan Town. Being able to maintain this kind of position while being near the Magical Beast Mountain Range was enough to indicate their great strength. However this kind of situation had undergone a drastic change ever since that so-called Snake Nest Mercenary Company had entered Qingshan Town a year ago.
The Snake Nest Mercenary Company was also quite a strong Mercenary Company on the edge of the Magical Beast Mountain Range. It could be considered to be equivalent to the Bloody Battle Mercenary Company. In normal circumstances neither party should be able to do anything to the other. However the Bloody Battle Mercenary Company was disadvantaged lacking a strong background to support them.
Everyone was aware of the background of the Snake Nest Mercenary Company. It was the He clan from Black Rock City. This clan could be considered a prominent clan even in the northwestern region of the empire. Although its reputation could not be compared with the three large clans of the empire it was not to be underestimated. The greatest reason for this was that the current He clan had a four star elite Dou Wang!
Dou Wang this class which...
Chapter 747: Helping Hand
A calm voice slowly reverberated over the training ground causing the sharp cry to solidify at this moment. Everyone looked all around them. Their eyes were filled with many different emotions.
The expression of the clan head of the He clan changed slightly the moment the voice sounded. The blunt matter of the other party"s words caused him to let out a cold snort. However his feet did not continue to fall. Instead he slowly withdrew it and spoke in a deep voice "May I know which friend is here. This is a matter of my He clan. Please do not meddle in another"s business."
The eyes of the clan head of the He clan slowly swept all around when he spoke. However he was actually unable to find traces of the person who spoke causing his heart to slightly sink.
"You are looking for me?" A slight thunderous roar suddenly resounded over the sky just as the eyes of the head of the He clan were looking around. A black figure slowly appeared in the training ground and spoke to the former with a smile.
The black-robed figure that suddenly appeared caused the eyes on the head of the He clan to shrink slightly. This speed... his eyes...
Chapter 748: He Gan
Xiao Yan lifted his brows when he heard the surprised sharp voice that was emitted from the mouth of the clan head of the He clan. He did not say anything. However the surging Dou Qi that had swept out of his body did not weaken. A faint fierce glow also flickered across his eyes.
This posture of silent agreement by Xiao Yan caused the limbs of the head of the He clan to turn even more icy-cold. The current him really did have the impulse to knock his head against a wall and die. Of all people why did he have to provoke this most frightening person in the entire Jia Ma Empire? With the reputation that the Yan Alliance currently had it was likely that they would become the second "Misty Cloud Sect" within a short period of time. A mere He clan was something that could be easily destroyed a couple of times in the eyes of such an enormous being.
The face of the clan head of the He clan was volatile. A moment later his entire body shivered when he sensed the pressure from the powerful aura. He hurriedly dispelled all his defense before bowing and speaking respectfully "I was unaware that chief Xiao has honored us with your presence. I hope that chief Xiao could be magnanimous about my offenses earlier. The He clan will definitely...
Chapter 749: Deep Retreat
A black figure flew over the vast mountain forest in a lightning-like manner. The pressure that was brought about by his high-speed flying caused a long gully to form over the sea of trees below. It was a long while later before the gully slowly disappeared.
The black figure was naturally the one who had helped the Bloody Battle Mercenary Company settle some trouble. It was Xiao Yan. He was not worried that He Gan would secretly use any underhanded tactics. This was because he knew that all tactics were useless in front of absolute strength. The small He clan might possess some reputation within the northwestern part of the empire but from the point of view of the Yan Alliance it was merely a faction that could barely catch the eye of the alliance. It would not require too much effort to eliminate the He clan.
Hence Xiao Yan calmly left after having resolved the trouble. He did not leave anything behind when he left this time around. Ultimately he did not have a deep friendship with Ka Gang and the others. The favor of providing Xiao Yan shelter back then was already repaid after...
Chapter 750: Change
The concept of time was quite vague within the mountain forest. It was even more so within the quiet valley.
At this moment one month had already passed since Xiao Yan had begun his retreat. However there was not the slightest commotion within the valley. Even the enormous purple-colored light cocoon that Zi Yan had transformed into was still emitting a bright glow at a steady pace. There was not the slightest sign of her breaking the cocoon to come out of it. Medusa was also quite helpless in the face of this. She had somewhat underestimated the immensity of the energy that Zi Yan needed to advance.
Medusa fondled her chin as she sat cross-legged on an enormous rock. Her gaze paused on the light cocoon for a moment before involuntarily turning to the cave covered by a countless number of rock fragments. She could not help but sigh softly when she saw that there was still not even a little activity there.
Xiao Yan"s aura had become partially invisible three days after he took the retreat. After a couple of days his aura was completely hidden. Even with Medusa"s strength she could only vaguely sense the...
Chapter 751: Deep Spiritual Observation
After Medusa left the valley became completely silent. The space lock in the sky had caused the small valley to become a place that was isolated from the outside world. No one would accidently charge into this quiet ground.
However other than the lack of sound Medusa departure did not so much as cause a wave within the valley. That pile of rock fragments over the entrance of the cave still did not have any response. The enormous light cocoon within the valley similarly showed no sign of breaking through. Although it appeared similar to the past any person with extremely strong spiritual perception would be able to discover that these two unusually powerful auras were quietly being concealed awaiting the moment they would be reborn.
Although the valley had reared some Magical Beasts they did not dare to take even half a step into the deep valley because of the pressure that the light cocoon faintly emitted. They also did not dare to emit a roar that was too loud afraid they would disturb the existence that filled them with great fear.
Hence the deep part of the valley had...
Chapter 752: Advancing to the Dou Huang class!
Xiao Yan who was in the valley suddenly opened his eyes the moment his spiritual body turned into nothingness. Cold perspiration covered his forehead. His eyes contained a faint shock. He could guarantee that the place that he had seen earlier with the help of the spiritual fire imprint that his teacher had left behind was definitely that mysterious "Hall of Souls"!
The cave emitted a somewhat anxious and heavy breathing sound. A long while later it finally gradually disappeared. Xiao Yan wiped off the cold perspiration that covered his forehead. He sat down on a rock behind him and fell deep into thought.
The extremely large hall from earlier should be the extremely mysterious "Hall of Souls". Xiao Yan could only attribute his ability to enter that place and have a peep around due to the spiritual fire imprint that Yao Lao had left behind. The frightening spirit that had appeared amid the shattered space should be the guardian of that "Hall of Souls". Xiao Yan was also uncertain about whether he was the leader of the "Hall of Souls". In any case the only thing he knew was that even though his strength had greatly soared he...
Chapter 753: Leaving the Valley
Zi Yan who was in the pillar of light stretched her lazy waist at this moment. Her extremely attractive curves were even more eye-catching. She lazily opened her eyes and looked at the stunned Xiao Yan in the sky. A naughty thought rose within her heart and she threw an embarrassed gaze that hid a flirting look toward the latter.
Xiao Yan"s entire body shivered in the sky upon receiving the flirting gaze. He bitterly smiled and shook his head. This girl still had the character of a child.
Xiao Yan moved his body and slowly descended. He did not look as he took out a robe from his storage ring and was about to hand it over to Zi Yan. However his body had yet to come into contact with the other when the latter"s body shook. An unusual green glow erupted from her body. Under this green glow Zi Yan"s body began to quickly shrink at a rate visible to the naked eye. In merely a couple of breaths the great beauty who possessed a lovely figure immediately turned into a little girl who was still naked.
Xiao Yan was stunned as he looked at...
Chapter 754: Great Chaos
Compared to Qingshan Town of the past it undoubtedly appeared much more pressurized and quiet today. Human figures were rare on the streets within the town. The gates around it were all tightly shut. Black masses of human figures were partially visible on the towering walls that were built using granite. Soft private conversations were repeatedly resounding among the human crowd.
"Dammit how did these poison users enter the middle area of the empire? Does the front not have the defensive line of the Yan Alliance and the Imperial Family?"
"The three large empires have joined hands to attack the Jia Ma Empire. Regardless of how strong the Yan Alliance is there is a limit to their manpower. How could they take care of every position. These ten plus bastards should have slipped in through a gap."
"What do we do now? Looking at those badges on the chest of these fellows there is a four star poison master. Other than an expert at the Dou Wang class who can deal with a poison master of this level?"
"Ugh our Qingshan Town currently only possesses Company Leader Yan Cheng who is an eight star Dou Ling. The others are mostly at the Dou Shi or the Da Dou Shi class....
Chapter 755: Poison Sect Gold Geese Sect Mulan Valley
Yan Cheng was stunned when he heard Xiao Yan"s words. Such a big event had occurred within the empire but the overlord of the empire was actually completely unaware of it?
"I was in a retreat for a period of time." Xiao Yan explained appearing to have understood what Yan Cheng thought when he saw the latter"s appearance.
Yan Cheng only came to a sudden understanding when he heard this. He bitterly laughed "It is unexpected that chief Xiao had undertaken a retreat for a year. This year was not calm. It is not exaggerating to say that this was the period of the greatest upheaval in the history of the Jia Ma Empire."
"I have undertaken a retreat for a year huh..." Xiao Yan softly sighed. He immediately changed the topic again "What has happened in the empire? Those fellows from a moment ago should be poison masters right? Such an occupation should be extremely rare in the Jia Ma Empire. Why did so many of them appear at once?"
"It is because they are not people from the Jia Ma Empire." Ling Er by the side quietly interrupted. Her eyes had remained on Xiao Yan"s face ever since the latter had appeared. The unusual glint in her eyes looked just like a lovely embarrassed young girl who had a crush.
"They are...
Chapter 756: Rescue
Xiao Yan rushed toward the Black Mountain Fortress that Yan Cheng had mentioned in a lightning-like manner after having left Qingshan Town. Zi Yan was following close behind him.
After he had broken through to the Dou Huang class Xiao Yan"s flying speed was clearly much faster than it was in the past. His body was like a falling star as it flew through the sky. Within a couple of blinks he had disappeared into the horizon. Even though there would occasionally be some gazes pausing in the sky they could only see a ray of light that leaped and flashed a couple of times.
Xiao Yan flew at his maximum speed. His face was covered with a solemness. The matter that had occurred within this Jia Ma Empire was completely beyond his expectations. He also felt a little fearful as he recalled the problems. It was fortunate that Queen Medusa had intervened this time around. Otherwise it was likely that the Yan Alliance and the Jia Ma Empire would have been destroyed by the Chu Yun Empire. At that time his Xiao clan would have been completely eliminated even without the "Hall of Souls" doing anything.
"Poison Sect..." The wild wind that blew by him caused his hair to emit a "hu hu" sound revealing a pair of dark-black pupils...
Chapter 757: Snake-Person Yue Mei
Yue Mei"s gaze carried a little surprise as she looked at the young face that wore a warm smile. For some unknown reason Yue Mei had the feeling that this face was somewhat familiar. However she was unable to recall where she had seen it.
"You someone from the Jia Ma Empire?" The snake pupils swept over the black-robed young man in front of her while she asked with some caution.
Xiao Yan could not help but smile when he saw the alert manner of Yue Mei. He immediately nodded and said "Relax I am someone from the Jia Ma Empire."
Yue Mei only quietly sighed in relief when she heard this. She had just struggled to stand up when the sore weak-feeling that was emitted from her body caused her to fail in her attempt. She could only let out a ferocious sigh. A round medicinal pill that emitted a serene fragrance appeared in front of her in her helplessness. A laugh soon followed "You can try eating it if you are not afraid that it is poison."
Yue Mei hesitated a little as she received the medicinal pill. A momentary struggle appeared in her heart before she finally clenched her silver teeth and swallowed the medicinal pill into her stomach. A warm medicinal strength...
Chapter 758: Situation
Xiao Yan felt it was comical as he looked at this shocked and dull manner of Yue Mei. He said "Has Commander Yue Mei recalled it?"
Yue Mei slowly recovered from her shock when she heard this. Her face alternated between green and white. She would never have thought that this strong person who could kill two Dou Wangs by lifting his hand would actually be that young man who had fled in a miserable fashion while being chased by her.
She recalled that Xiao Yan was merely a Dou Shi when she had met him back then. Now however... how was it possible for him to reach this stage within a short few years?
Yue Mei"s face was volatile. While an astonishment toward this smiling black-robed young man rose within her heart her body involuntarily took two steps back. Her voice carried caution as she said "What are you planning to do?"
Back then Xiao Yan was chased by her until he became extremely miserable. If he had not met Gu He"s group along the way it was likely that she would have captured him. Hence Yue Mei was also somewhat worried that Xiao Yan was planning...
Chapter 759: Big Battle!
The vast endless plains possessed two towering mountain ranges that stood with their peaks piercing the sky. Such a tall mountain range was a place that an ordinary person would have difficulty climbing. An incomparably huge fortress guarded the gap between these two mountain ranges like a fierce prehistoric beast protecting the main road that lead into and out of the Jia Ma Empire. This fortress was the most important defensive line in the hearts of the people of the Jia Ma Empire. If this defensive line was torn apart the three empires armies would march straight into the Jia Ma Empire!
The size of the fortress was so large that it left one speechless. Compared to the Zhen Gui Pass that Xiao Yan had visited back then it was undoubtedly a junior meeting a senior. The walls of this fortress was completely built from the dark-black volcanic rock. It had an unusually frightening toughness. Such a wall would likely be able to hold out for a long time even against the attacks of an elite Dou Huang.
Densely packed soldiers could be seen all over the fortress" wall. There were also countless number of enormous ballistas faintly present. Steel...
Chapter 760: Three Beast Savage Skill
The three old men who appeared in the sky were wearing green-colored robes. However there was a lion a tiger and a bear on their three respective robes. These drawings did not appear to be something created from ordinary sewing. Instead they appeared to have been agglomerated from a certain kind of mysterious energy. Hence when a person"s eyes swept over them the three unusually savage beasts seemed to be staring with their bright-red vicious eyes. If it was someone who did not have a strong mental strength their legs would involuntarily become limp under these violent gazes that were filled with killing intent.
Although the auras of these three green-robed old men were merely at the peak of the Dou Huang class a seriousness that was difficult to hide covered Medusa"s face. The "Three Beast Savage Skill" that these three people practiced was extremely strange. The fighting strength when they fought together was extremely shocking. Even she had to treat them seriously.
The black masses of the army from the three empire alliance outside of the fortress immediately erupted into a thunder-like cheer the moment the three Great Elders from the Mulan Valley appeared....
Chapter 761: Fighting Mulan Three Elders
Hai Bodong and the others in the fortress sighed. Medusa had already been injured. Now she still needed to fight two people on her own. How can this situation be good? However in this situation who else could they rely on but her?
The big fight in the sky abruptly erupted while they sighed quietly in their hearts. Just as both parties" energies were about to pull at each other a faint thunderous roar whizzed down from the sky. A clear laugh mightily resounded.
"Ha ha how can I the chief of Yan Alliance be missing from this big battle?"
A vast and mighty laugh resonated over the sky before finally spreading all over like furious rolling-thunder. It reverberated beside the ears of a countless number of people.
Xiao Ding and the others on the fortress were initially startled upon hearing this somewhat familiar laughter. A wild joy immediately surged within their eyes.
"It"s Xiao Yan! This fellow has finally hurried back!" Hai Bodong could not control the excitement in his heart as he laughed out loud.
Jia Xing Tian beside him also quietly wiped off the cold sweat from his forehead. This fellow...
Chapter 762: Intense Fight!
The bodies of the three Mulan Elders were suspended in the sky. Majestic Dou Qi filled the area and even the air trembled a little.
An incomparable confidence also surged within the hearts of the three Elders as they sensed the enormous strength of the Dou Qi within their bodies resonating with the natural energy. They instantly suppressed the hesitation caused by some unusual aspects of Xiao Yan.
"Ha ha chief Xiao today we will let you know that you are but a joke. We might still be afraid if it was the Misty Cloud Sect of the past. However the Yan Alliance that has just been established does not possess this qualification." Bloodthirsty intent flashed across the eyes of that lion-headed Elder as he laughed out loud.
Xiao Yan shook his head as his eyes studied the wildly laughing lion-headed Elder with an indifferentness. His hands made seals and he softly laughed "I Xiao Yan was able to destroy the Misty Cloud Sect that all of you feared. Naturally I am also able to destroy you."
"Skyfire Three Mysterious Change!"
Xiao Yan"s hand seal suddenly changed after his words sounded. He immediately let out a low cry within his heart. When this low cry sounded the Glazed Lotus Core Flame swiftly moved along...
Chapter 763: Three Thousand Lightning
The hearts of everyone in the fortress tightened when they looked at Xiao Yan who had momentarily fell into a disadvantage. Medusa"s battle with Yan Luo Tian had already entered into a white-hot stage. If Xiao Yan was unable to block the three Mulan Elders at this moment it was likely that the effect would be too horrible to imagine.
"Relax there should not be any problem. That fellow still has many trump cards which he had not used." Hai Bodong was frowning intently while he laughed and tried to comfort himself.
Jia Xing Tian and the others nodded slightly when they heard this. They were extremely clear about the tactics of Xiao Yan. The might of the unusual fire lotus that caused even Yun Shan to be blasted until the point where he lost his fighting strength was extremely frightening. If Xiao Yan created this thing it was likely that an elite Dou Zong would suffer quite a great disadvantage when facing him.
Yue Mei by the side shook her head when she heard them speak. She did not understand Xiao Yan. Hence she was not clear about what kind of tactics Xiao Yan possessed....
Chapter 764: Scam
This scene that had suddenly occurred in the sky also attracted the attention of a countless number of gazes below. Numerous uproars resounded all over the place.
Hai Bodong was somewhat stunned as he watched the silver-colored glow that had suddenly split into three human figures. He exclaimed a moment later "Why is it that we have never seen this skill of the little fellow before?"
Jia Xing Tian shook his head. His eyes were filled with a seriousness while he said with some hesitation "It seems that this is the agility Dou Skill that he frequently uses. However it seems that the level that he can control it to has risen. Looks like this should be because he has advanced to the Dou Huang class?"
"These three light figures... can any of you identify which is the actual body?" Fa Ma"s eyes stared intently at the three silver-colored light figures in the sky and asked with a bitter smile. He discovered that despite having unleashed his Spiritual Perception to its limit he was still unable to identify which of these three light figures was the actual Xiao Yan.
Jia Xing Tian and Hai Bodong exchanged looks with each other when they heard this before they smiled bitterly...
Chapter 765: Eagle Cry
Hai Bodong and everyone else on the fortress were stunned for quite a while before they let out a heavy sigh of relief. Their hands rubbed their foreheads only to discover that it was covered in cold sweat.
"This little fellow... he is too reckless." Hai Bodong swallowed a mouthful of saliva and spoke with some fear still lingering in him.
Jia Xing Tian bitterly laughed as he said "When does he not exceed others expectations when he appears? The young people now do indeed have a striving attitude... if it was me I would definitely not do such a thing."
Xiao Ding who was seated in a wheelchair heaved a sigh of relief at this moment. His tensed body seemed to become weak as he leaned against the back of the chair and sighed. "This battle today is finally settled."
Hai Bodong and the other few people nodded their heads upon hearing this. The reason that the three Mulan Elders were frightening was because they were comparable to an elite Dou Zong when they joined hands and used the "Three Beast Savage Skill". However one of the three Elders was seriously wounded by Xiao Yan. Naturally...
Chapter 766: Poison Sect"s Sect Leader
Xiao Yan who was forming a hand seal became slightly stunned when the eagle cry resounded over the sky. His brows were knit slightly the moment he saw the wild joy on two Mulan Elder"s faces that had suddenly appeared. His gaze also followed the direction from which the eagle cry was transmitted and looked over.
"Brat I want to see if you can defeat another elite Dou Zong in your current condition?" The bear-headed Elder"s gaze was filled with a viciousness as he looked at Xiao Yan and laughed in a savage manner.
Xiao Yan was expressionless. His gaze merely stared at the distant sky behind the alliance army from the three large empires. A large figure was rushing over in a lightning-like manner from that direction.
The figure swiftly broke through the sky and finally appeared in front of everyone"s gazes in a sudden manner a moment later. One could see that the large figure was surprisingly a serene blue-colored eagle!
The large eagle was a completely serene-blue color. Its sharp large mouth was curled into a cold arc that contained a cold glow. Those large eagle claws under it were incomparably...
Chapter 767: Agility Fight
The sudden change in the white-haired lady aroused the attention of Yan Luo Tian by her side. He was also surprised. This was the first time in such a long while that he had seen this cold woman reveal such an expression.
"Poison Sect Leader what is it?" Yan Luo Tian opened his mouth and asked after a moment of hesitation.
The white-haired woman ignored Yan Luo Tian"s inquiry. Her gray-purplish eyes merely stared intently at the face that had been hidden deep within her memory. A glow flashed in her eyes. She appeared to be struggling over something. This continued for quite a while before the ripple in her eyes slowly became fainter. She inhaled a deep breath of air and those gray-purplish eyes once again recovered their indifference. For some unknown reason her eyes were unwilling to remain on Xiao Yan"s face.
"I"ll leave him to you..." The white-haired woman waved her hand and finally opened her mouth to speak.
Yan Luo Tian smiled and nodded upon hearing this. He laughed in a ferocious manner "Relax I will let him taste a swift death by my hands." His voice had just sounded when he suddenly sensed a gaze that was...
Chapter 768: Explode!
The hand seal landed on Yan Luo Tian"s chest as Xiao Yan"s face suddenly became cold and stern. A majestic wild explosive energy suddenly surged out from his palm. Finally it completely poured into the latter"s body from all directions.
"Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!" Thunder-like explosions suddenly resounded over the sky in front of a countless number of gazes. A frightening energy ripple which was visible to the naked eye could be seen. Two human figures erupted from the intervening point before being wildly launched in seperate directions.
Yan Luo Tian"s face became extremely ugly the instant the seal pressed onto his chest. He did not expect that Xiao Yan would be able to rely on his Dou Huang class strength to actually unleash such a powerful Dou Technique attack!
Although he was caught somewhat off-guard Yan Luo Tian was still a genuine elite Dou Zong no manner how one put it. With his extraordinary ability to maneuver energy the surface of his body unleashed a bright-golden light the instant that the powerful force surged out from Xiao Yan"s palm. Dense gold-colored goose feathers appeared before finally forming a golden goose feather...
Chapter 769: Prestige
The surging fire wave swept down from the sky. Finally it occupied a thousand-foot-diameter from the ground to the clouds. A terrifying three colored fire cloud covered the sky. At this moment even the sunlight had difficulty penetrating it.
The fire wave spread out in a ripple-like manner before its speed suddenly soared. It was as though some powerful energy was pushing it. With a bang it carried a loud explosion sound as it swept toward the horizon with an extremely fast speed.
The wild violent wind that was carried by the sweeping fire wave also spread toward the ground. Immediately those black masses of soldiers outside of the fortress were like dominoes that had been put together as they completely collapsed to the ground with some noise. In an instant the chaotic sound charged to the clouds. It was a long while later before they barely managed to arrange their formation and raise their heads. Their eyes were dull and their throats rolled violently as they looked at the thick fire cloud in the sky. Even someone as strong as an elite Dou Zong was likely not going to do well in the face of such a terrifying fire explosion.
Those experts from the three...
Chapter 770: People Have Changed Despite Everything Else Remaining The Same
A great storm seemed to have formed in Xiao Yan"s heart as he observed this pretty face which was still somewhat familiar. He never expected this so-called Sect Leader of the Poison Sect would actually be the first friend of the other gender he had while he was training back then. She was the Little Fairy Doctor who had been regarded as a fairy in the hearts of a countless number of Qingshan Town mercenaries!
That pure kind woman... was now the sect leader of the Poison Sect who had caused a countless number of people to feel a fear just from hearing her name? This kind of extreme transformation still caused Xiao Yan to feel a disbelief now that he had seen it with his own eyes.
The white-haired woman"s lovely body also trembled slightly when she heard the cry that was transmitted from Xiao Yan"s mouth. Her gray-purplish eyes flickered slightly. Her pale-white hand immediately rubbed away the blood stain on the corner of her mouth. After which she placed her blood by the side of her mouth and carefully sucked the blood into it. Her gray-purplish eyes gradually recovered her calmness after she did all this. She looked...
Chapter 771: The Ceasing of the Big Battle
The sudden end of the big battle in the sky also caused the countless number of people below to be at a loss. Private conversations repeatedly appeared among them as they made various guesses.
Hai Bodong had already returned to the fortress at this moment. He could only spread his hands in the face of the many gazes that everyone threw over indicating that he was unaware of what had happened in the sky.
"That vicious and ruthless woman ceased fighting. This is really unexpected. Could it be because she is afraid of Xiao Yan? However now that Xiao Yan has used the fire lotus once he should also be quite weak no?" Jia Xing Tian voiced his thoughts.
"Who cares what the reason is. It is naturally best that that woman is stopped. After all the strange and unpredictable poison skill of hers is really too frightening. She has yet to completely unleash it now. Once she does so the poison vapor will drift over. These ordinary soldiers would die upon contact." Fa Ma sighed. The sect leader of the Poison Sect might not be much stronger than Medusa in terms of fighting ability but her frightening poison skill was able to easily cause their side to suffer large losses...
Chapter 772: Night Meeting
Hai Bodong and the others on the fortress were startled for quite a while when they saw the three empire"s alliance army suddenly began to withdraw in a torrent-like manner. They looked at each other with no understanding of what was happening.
The fortress erupted into an earth-shaking cheer during the time that they were stunned. A countless number of people who had originally thought that their country and home would be destroyed today could not control the excitement in their hearts. A cheer from having survived charged to the clouds.
"It seems that the three empire alliance has finally withdrawn..." Hai Bodong let out a long sigh as he spoke in a manner that suggested he had removed a heavy burden.
"I wonder how Xiao Yan managed to convince the sect leader of the Poison Sect. That woman doesn"t appear to be a reasonable person." Jia Xing Tian smacked his mouth and wondered. However his face still contained a joy that was difficult to hide. They clearly understood that the enormous strength of the three sect alliance still left their side at...
Chapter 773: The Poison Pill Method
Xiao Yan smiled and stood up as he looked at Little Fairy Doctor who had appeared in the air. He said "You are finally here."
Little Fairy Doctor moved her body and it gently landed on the mountain peak. Her unusual grayish-purple pupils that appeared demon-like under the moonlight first glanced at Medusa behind Xiao Yan before calmly speaking "There is quite a lot of trouble for the three armies to retreat. Those armies have argued too much and delayed quite a lot of time."
"Why?" Xiao Yan frowned when he heard this. He asked "Are the three sects unwilling to withdraw?"
"The Chu Yun Empire is controlled by the Poison Sect. I am the Poison Sect"s leader so it is only natural that the Chu Yun Empire will not voice too many objections. However the Golden Geese Sect and the Mulan Valley are not factions from the Chu Yun Empire. The strength of their sects is not much weaker than the Poison Sect. Hence their objection is extremely intense even though I said that I wanted to withdraw. They had long planned on annexing the Jia Ma Empire and were naturally unwilling to let go of this chance so easily." Little Fairy Doctor slowly explained.
"Luo Yan Tian and one of the three Mulan Elders are seriously wounded by me. They actually dare to be this arrogant despite having lost these two people?" A coldness flashed through...
Chapter 774: The Experts From The Snake-People Tribe
Xiao Yan eyes sent off the back of the Little Fairy Doctor as it disappeared into the night sky. He also stretched his lazy waist and smiled as he said to Medusa "Let"s go. It"s time to return."
Medusa knit her brows and said "Can she be trusted? If we charge in during the day that we attack and end up being surrounded by them the ending... the current Jia Ma Empire and the Snake-People rely on the both of us. If any mishap were to happen you should know what the consequences would be for the Yan Alliance."
Xiao Yan"s expression became somewhat solemn when he heard these words of Medusa. A moment later he nodded slightly and spoke in a deep voice "I trust her."
"I hope that you aren"t be wrong about her." Medusa softly snorted. Her gaze immediately flickered. She hesitated for a moment before saying "You should come with me to the Snake-People Tribe tomorrow. A couple of our tribe"s Elders wish to meet you."
"Meet me?" Xiao Yan was startled as he asked "What for?"
Medusa"s face was somewhat unusual. It was tilted to the side as she said "The Elders within the tribe possess some secret...
Chapter 775: The Four Great Elders
The person who appeared in front of Xiao Yan was a male Snake-Person who was strongly built. His appearance was quite fierce and his hand had an enormous black python tattoo. When his hand moved the enormous python appeared as though it was a living creature that emitted threads of violent dark aura.
At this moment the latter was using a pair of fierce eyes to look at Xiao Yan. Powerful Dou Qi repeatedly writhed over the surface of his body. The hard rock surface where he had landed had cracked open. Clearly this was due to the force of the earlier confrontation.
"Who are you?" Xiao Yan"s observed this fierce male Snake-Person. He could sense that the latter was an expert at the peak of the Dou Wang class. However he was not considered to be an opponent that was troublesome to deal with in Xiao Yan"s opinion. Nevertheless Xiao Yan felt some anger at the other party"s sudden sneak attack.
"Commander Mo Ba Si of the Snake-People Tribe!" The male Snake-Person"s eyes stared intently at Xiao Yan. The enmity within his eyes was exceptionally obvious "You are that Xiao Ya...
Chapter 776: Three Grade of Secret Technique
The atmosphere in the bamboo house appeared to be solidified at this moment. Xiao Yan and Medusa were stunned as they looked at the First Elder whose words were shocking. No matter how calm they usually were they were undoubtedly shaken to a dull state at this moment.
Pregnant? Really?
The corner of Xiao Yan"s mouth twitched with great force. He could not control the slight impulse to jump. That was their first time. Was it really so coincidental?
Medusa"s reaction was similarly not any better. The usual decisive and killing aura of hers had completely disappeared. Her small moist red lips were faintly parted while her long neck pulsed a little. However her heart was in such a state of turmoil that she could not utter a single word. A woman like her would not blink her eyes when fighting with someone or taking another person"s life. However right now she was just like a panicked lost little girl. She did not know how to deal with such matters.
"That... that First Elder are you mistaken? *Cough* that... it has been over a year since the matter that happened underground. According to what I am aware of... a pregnancy doesn"t require such a long time right?"...
Chapter 777: Provocation
When Xiao Yan lifted his head after his voice sounded he only saw a couple of shocked faces. He could not help but be stunned as he carefully asked "What is it? Can it not be done?"
"Ugh... no no. Yes yes. Of course it can be done."
The First Elder hurriedly responded when she heard his questions. Her eyes revealed a wild joy that was difficult to hide. She did not expect Xiao Yan to be willing to spend so much effort to refine the highest grade "Heaven Soul Blood Bone Pill". Being an Elder of the Snake-People Tribe she naturally best understood the difficulty of refining this kind of medicinal pill and the risks that one must endure.
The expressions of the other three Elders who were staring at Xiao Yan with dark and cold gazes earlier immediately became gentle. They faintly nodded. Although this person was a human he was at the very least not hateful.
The coldness in Medusa"s eyes also swiftly disappeared. Her eyes revealed a gentleness that had never existed before as she looked at Xiao Yan. Of course this merely lasted for an instant before it was once again hidden.
"Ke ke chief Xiao Yan it is naturally not a problem if you want to refine the "Heaven Soul Blood Bone Pill". I will hand the medicinal formula for it...
Chapter 778: Nursing One"s Health
With Medusa"s order there was naturally no longer any Snake-Person who dared to stop Xiao Yan. Hence he left the area where the Snake-People lived without obstruction while feeling at a loss. When he walked out of the isolation line and heard the human voices that once again rose in the outside world the chaos in his mind finally began to gradually calm down.
Xiao Yan swung his head about. He recalled Medusa slight displeasure earlier and that she had not revealed herself even while he left. It seemed that his expressions earlier had caused her to feel some anger within her heart.
"Ugh what a bastard..." Xiao Yan patted his head and sighed while scolding himself with a bitter smile. He was actually even more hesitant and had greater difficulty accepting this kind of matter compared to the female side. Moreover this matter was his responsibility no matter how he put it. It was unexpected that it ended up with Medusa opening her mouth and saying words like she would raise the child alone once it was born.
Although she and the Snake-People Race might hope that this was the case this child would ultimately have the blood of the Xiao clan should this matter be true. Did he really dare to completely...
Chapter 779: Operation
Human figures were scattered around the top of a small mountain peak that was not far from the Black Mountain Fortress. However no abnormal sound was present. Everyone was quietly sitting crossed-legged on the ground. Their powerful auras were suppressed to the weakest level.
Xiao Yan Xiao Ding Hai Bodong stood side to side on the mountain peak while conversing in a soft voice.
"Has Medusa not arrived?" Hai Bodong knit his brows slightly and looked in the direction of the Black Mountain Fortress as he chatted.
"I have already informed her. I think that she should be consolidating the experts from the Snake-People Tribe." Xiao Yan smiled and replied. Not long after his words had sounded a rushing sound was suddenly transmitted from the sky. A large group of figures rushed over. A couple of breaths later they appeared in the air above the mountain peak before they slowly descended.
The human figure who had appeared was naturally the experts from the Snake-People Tribe. Their leader was Medusa.
Hai Bodong and the others sighed in relief when they saw Medusa appear. If this assassination lacked her presence it would no longer have...
Chapter 780: Assassinate
The night sky quietly arrived while Xiao Yan and the others were waiting. The small depression in the mountains that was hidden by the forest emitted a slight activity just as the crescent moon slowly climbed into the sky.
"Old Hai all of you need not appear if this assassination proceeds smoothly. If any unexpected changes occur during the operations we will need all of you to receive us." Xiao Yan turned his head looked at Hai Bodong and spoke in a deep voice after having completed his preparations with Medusa.
"Yes." Hai Bodong nodded. His face was solemn as he said "Be careful. I will be constantly monitoring the situation in the city."
Xiao Yan smiled. He nodded slightly before turning his head back while whispering to Medusa "Let"s go."
Medusa who had already changed into a set of black clothes nodded when she heard this. After which she moved her body and appeared in the air. She looked at the distant city which still retained a tight defense even after being covered by the night sky.
Xiao Yan did not use his Dou Qi wings because he was afraid of attracting too much attention. Instead he summoned...
Chapter 781: Fighting Many Alone
"Xiao Yan what do you intend to do?"
The two Mulan Elders did not dare to make any unusual movements. They stared at Xiao Yan"s hand-claw wrapped around the tiger-headed Elder"s throat. At this moment the latter only needed to use a little strength to kill the Elder on the spot. They could only cry out sternly in the fear of harming their companion.
"Nothing I am merely getting rid of the problem at its roots." Xiao Yan faintly smiled. His voice was quite calm.
However it was these calm words that caused the hearts of the three Mulan Elders to sink. Although they had taken precautions they did not expect Xiao Yan to actually take such a big risk and come to the three army alliance"s grounds to launch a sneak attack on them.
"If you kill him you will completely become enemies with our Mulan Valley. At that time it is likely that the situation will turn into one where we won"t give up until you die!" The Mulan Elder on the left side studied Xiao Yan with dark solemn eyes while he spoke in a ferocious manner.
"My Yan Alliance was nearly eliminated by all of you. Isn"t it a little too late to say this?" Xiao Yan"s faint smile remained on his face but now...
Chapter 782: Rich Reward
Xiao Yan studied Medusa who had appeared in front of him and sighed in relief. The other party had too many experts. If he were to charge forcefully with all his strength he would naturally be able to leave. However that was on the precondition that he used the "Angry Buddha Lotus Flame" and killed a bunch of people. Once he used the "Angry Buddha Lotus Flame" Xiao Yan would feel extremely weak. If any other situation occurred during this period he would no longer have much ability to defend himself.
"Are you done over on your side?" Xiao Yan"s eyes swept in all direction as he quickly asked.
"Yes. Yes. Yes... Yes." Medusa nodded indifferently. She did not waste too much strength in dealing with Yan Luo Tian. It was actually so smooth that it had exceeded her expectations. However it was worthy of his Dou Zong strength to allow that fellow to die when he was having the most fun.
"You should leave first. I will take care of things behind. If we delay a little longer it is likely that the experts from the Gold Geese Sect will charge over." Medusa turned her head and spoke to Xiao Yan.
Xiao Yan hesitated...
Chapter 783: Sky Bird Nine Flying Wings
Xiao Yan involuntarily licked his mouth as he looked at this beast bone scroll. No wonder those two fellows would be so crazy when they saw what he did. It was actually because of this thing.
He coveted the "Three Beast Savage Skill" the three Mulan Elders practiced. It was unexpected that he would actually be able to get his hands on it today. This was really an unexpected surprise.
Xiao Yan carefully opened the white bone scroll. His gaze swept over it only to end up frowning slightly a moment later.
"What is it?" Medusa by the side could not resist opening her mouth to inquire when she saw Xiao Yan looking like this.
"Ugh although this is indeed the "Three Beast Savage Skill" it is only one of the parts. According to what is written on it the "Three Beast Savage Skill" is divided into three parts. This is only one of them. Even though I have obtained it it is of not much use." Xiao Yan shook his head and sighed quite emotionally.
Medusa hesitated for a moment after hearing this. She took out two Storage Rings from her breast pocket...
Chapter 784: The Mountain Above the Clouds  Xun Er!
With the empire becoming peaceful Xiao Yan"s life gradually became much quieter. He would occasionally train and would also refine medicinal pills in front of the many alchemist within the Pill Hall of the Yan Alliance when he was free. Obtaining cheers throughout the hall he had gained the proud alchemists approval of him as the chief.
Although the alchemists within the Pill Hall possessed a great understanding of Xiao Yan"s fighting abilities from this battle being alchemists they naturally placed the greatest value on pill refinement. If Xiao Yan wanted to get them to submit he had to show them outstanding refinement skills. Of course if one were to compare medicinal refinement it was likely that Xiao Yan would not be afraid of anyone within this Jia Ma Empire. His current medicinal refinement skills were enough to refine a tier 6 medicinal pill. Other than Pill-King Gu He it was likely that only Fa Ma could barely refine such a pill within the Jia Ma Empire.
Little Fairy Doctor did not send any other news during this period of time. However Xiao Yan knew that she...
Chapter 785: Pill Tower
The headquarters of the Yan Alliance was situated in the Jia Ma Empire. Being the strongest faction within the Jia Ma Empire the current size of the Yan Alliance had far exceeded what it was one year ago. At least one-third of the area within the middle part of the large empire belonged to the various departments under the Yan Alliance. They were creating a more powerful Yan Alliance while having a clear separation of tasks.
The Pill Hall was an extremely important department within the Yan Alliance. This place was able to deliver many different kinds of medicinal pills everyday. After which these medicinal pills would be sent to the Merchant Hall and were swiftly sold in every corner of the Jia Ma Empire through the channels of the Primer clan.
The current Yan Alliance could already be considered to have become deeply rooted with the empire. The people of the Jia Ma Empire had also begun to familiarize and understand this large being that was newly established. Some of the factions who were originally just observing began to join the alliance at this moment. According to this trend everyone knew that the Yan Alliance would definitely surpass the position and reputation that the Misty Cloud Sect held within the...
Chapter 786: Recruiting Gu He
Xiao Yan was extremely interested in what Fa Ma said. Alternatively he could be said to be very interested in getting Gu He to join the Yan Alliance. Hence he got Fa Ma to lead the way the next morning as they hurried to the place where Gu He lived along with Hai Bodong.
Gu He had naturally left the Misty Cloud Sect after the Misty Cloud Sect had dissolved back then. However he did not leave the Jia Ma Empire. Instead he chose to live in an isolated mountain range not far from the Misty Cloud Mountain. That place was the current destination of Xiao Yan"s group.
The place where Gu He lived in isolation was not very far from the capital. Given the speed of Xiao Yan"s group they arrived around half an hour later. The easily managed to find the straw cottage that was hidden in the mountain forest with Fa Ma leading the way.
Xiao Yan met a familiar person from the past at this place. It was Liu Ling who had once fought with him for the champion spot during the Alchemist Grand Meeting in the capital back then. The latter was clearly stunned when he saw these few people who had suddenly appeared. Only when his gaze shifted to Xiao Yan"s face did he speak with surprise "Xiao...
Chapter 787: First Commander
Xiao Yan was standing on a tall building as he looked at the paper note in his hand with a solemn expression. He flicked his finger a moment later and the paper note turned into flames before swiftly disappearing.
"The "Hall of Souls" huh..."
Xiao Yan softly muttered in his mouth. A dense cold killing intent slowly surged within his dark-black eyes. His hatred for this organisation could be said to have seeped deep into his bones. It was because the two people closest to him had already landed in their hands.
A cold glint appeared in Xiao Yan"s eyes. He suddenly turned his body a moment later and swiftly walked down from the tall building. Currently he was totally unaware of this mysterious "Hall of Souls". He must have some understanding of them if he wanted to rescue Yao Lao and his father. However the people from the "Hall of Souls" were usually mysterious and it was difficult for an ordinary person to find them. Hence this might be a chance for him.
As long as he could capture a person from the "Hall of Souls" Xiao Yan would be able to obtain some news about the "Hall of Souls". This was of crucial importance to him.
Xiao Yan swiftly found Xiao Ding and the rest...
Chapter 788: Inviting Helpers
The bald-headed Snake-Person stared at the jade-green fire lotus that lingered in front of Xiao Yan with eyes that were unusually solemn. He clearly understood from the completely still gaze of Xiao Yan that if he really took another step forward the fire lotus that contained a frightening wild and violent energy would definitely be shot over.
"Brat you really are worthy of being the chief of the Yan Alliance. You do have some skill..."
The bald-headed Snake-Person licked his lips and laughed. However the slighting attitude from earlier had vanished from his current tone. Now he somewhat began to believe the rumors in the tribe that Xiao Yan was able to defeat an expert Dou Zong. This exquisite fire lotus did caused a fear to seep out from deep within his soul.
"I do not wish to fight with you. Please pass a message to Medusa." Xiao Yan raised his eyes lifted his hand and continued to hold the jade green fire lotus in his palm. He glanced at the Snake-Person before speaking in a faint voice.
"The tribe leader is undertaking a retreat. No one can randomly disturb her." The bald-headed Snake-Person...
Chapter 789: Hurrying to Chu Yun!
Three rays of light flashed over from a distant mountain peak at the border of the Chu Yun Empire. A moment later they turned into three human figures.
"In front is the Chu Yun Empire. It is rumored that Poison Masters dominate the interior of this empire. We must be more careful when we act in the future." Xiao Yan looked at a vague fortress at the edge of his sight from a tall vintage point before turning his head to remind Medusa and Zi Yan.
"Yes." The two of them nodded. Medusa looked at Zi Yan beside her hesitated a little before saying "Are you certain that you want to bring Zi Yan along? This trip to the Chu Yun Empire is not some tour."
Zi Yan"s small face immediately became anxious when she heard Medusa"s words. She was unwilling to remain alone in the Jia Ma Empire. That was so boring.
"Ke ke relax. Don"t underestimate this little girl. She is also an expert Dou Huang. Adding her frightening strange strength she is even able to contend with ordinary experts at the peak of the Dou Huang class. Moreover...
Chapter 790: Ten Thousand Scorpion Gate
The arrival of the human figure naturally attracted the attention of Xiao Yan"s three man group. They immediately became cautious. Only after the black figure appeared and revealed symbolic long white hair did the three of them softly sigh in relief.
"Sorry sorry I am really sorry. The sect was discussing something just now so I have arrived a little late." Little Fairy Doctor softly spoke to Xiao Yan. She swung her narrow waist slightly as she slowly descended. Her eyes swept over Zi Yan and Medusa behind him when she spoke. She involuntarily continued in a faint voice when she saw the Doupeng on the latter"s head "It is not as though I have never seen you. Why did you need to find a Doupeng? Don"t tell me that you think you won"t be recognized?"
Xiao Yan helplessly cried out "this is bad" within his heart when he heard these words of Little Fairy Doctor.
As expected the moment the Little Fairy Doctor"s voice sounded the Doupeng on Medusa"s head turned into a black shadow. It carried a sharp wind as it shot viciously toward the former.
The Little Fairy Doctor did not move her body even a little as her eyes stared at the Doupeng that explosively...
Chapter 791: Wu Ya
Poison Sect had obviously prepared against the Ten Thousand Scorpion Gate since long before. Hence on the second day after Xiao Yan"s three men group arrived at the Sky Poison City this enormous machine known as the Poison Sect began to activate. A countless number of people were dispatched in a scattered manner and began to quietly gather around the Sky Scorpion Mountain Range. In merely three days they had completely sealed off this place in secret.
Although this large scale movement of the Poison Sect might be able to be hidden from the people outside it was obviously not possible to remain hidden from the Ten Thousand Scorpion Gate which possessed quite a number of spies. Hence the Ten Thousand Scorpion Gate sensed it when the Poison Sect people began to gradually appear around the Sky Scorpion Mountain Range. The conflict between the two factions had thus entered its most intense point. There were over a hundred killings that began to appear in the Sky Scorpion Mountain Range almost everyday. Both parties suffered losses in these various conflicts.
It was still alright at the beginning with only some low level...
Chapter 792: Dangerous
The first discussion did not reveal any substantial conclusions. No one had even the slightest evidence of the so-called traitor in the sect. Therefore they could only temporarily shove it aside. After the meeting continued for around half an hour or so it ended with no decision being made.
Perhaps it was because the Ten Thousand Scorpion Gate had withdrawn all their people into the Ten Thousand Scorpion Mountain but no overly intense battle erupted today. Everything seemed extremely calm. However as long as it was someone with sharp senses one would be able to discover that this was just the calm before the storm. With the strength of the Ten Thousand Scorpion Gate they would definitely be unwilling to be sealed by the Poison Sect on the top of a mountain. Hence it was likely that a big battle that would truly determine the victor would sweep over like a storm soon.
With the flow of time the night sky gradually covered the entire mountain range. The night was the time when poisonous things prevailed. A slight shuffling sound repeatedly appeared around the entire mountain range. Borrowing some weak light one would be able to see colorful poisonous snakes and scorpions climbing all over the place in the grass and in...
Chapter 793: Xie Bi Yan
The leader of the experts of the Ten Thousand Scorpion Gate was a middle-aged man who displayed a dark cold expression along with a set of chinese robes. From the respectful manner in which those surrounding experts from the Ten Thousand Scorpion Gate were looking at him it was likely that he was the person who had spoken earlier. The chief of the Ten Thousand Scorpion Gate Xie Shan.
There were five old men behind Xie Shan. Xiao Yan"s gaze paused for a moment on their bodies. These five people also possessed the strength of the Dou Huang class but three of them seemed to have just broken through a short while ago. Therefore some of the aura within their bodies was seeping out. The group of people who were further behind were the expert Dou Wangs from the Ten Thousand Scorpion Gate. Based on a rough estimation there were likely at least dozens of them. Placing such a lineup here did indeed possess a deterrent effect.
Little Fairy Doctor glanced at the Xie Shan. Her voice was as calm as water as she spoke "Where is Xie Bi Yan? Call out that old fellow too. Otherwise your Ten Thousand Scorpion Gate will be swallowed by my Poison...
Chapter 794: Big Battle Between Factions
The experts from the Poison Sect around them recovered the instant the black figure blocked the attack from Wu Ya and the four other Elders. They furiously cried out "Wu Ya what are all of you doing?"
The expressions of Wu Ya and the other four appeared quite ugly after their futile attack. Their eyes were vicious as they stared at Xiao Yan. After which their bodies suddenly turned as they swiftly rushed in the direction of the Ten Thousand Scorpion Gate.
"You wish to flee?"
A cold glint flashed in the Little Fairy Doctor"s grayish-purple eyes. She suddenly moved her delicate hand and the space in front suddenly became distorted. The speed of Wu Ya and the four others was clearly reduced after they passed through it. When their bodies paused for a moment five sharp forces suddenly shot over from behind them. The strength that the forces contained caused even the air to ripple slightly. It seemed that Little Fairy Doctor was quite furious at the betrayal of Wu Ya"s five man group.
The faces of Wu Ya and the four others changed slightly as they felt the wind rushing over from behind them. They did not expect the Little Fairy Doctor to act so ruthlessly. From the force it was...
Chapter 795: Kill
Xiao Yan ceased hesitating as this thought flashed across his heart. His hand seal also suddenly moved.
"Skyfire Three Mysterious Change!"
A soft cry sounded in Xiao Yan"s heart and the Glazed Fire Lotus Flame within his body immediately followed a mysterious vein pathway as it swiftly circulated. A wild and violent strength also slowly seemed out causing the interior of Xiao Yan"s body to be filled with an incomparable surging strength.
Xiao Yan ignored the change in expressions of Wu Ya and the other person on the opposite side after his aura suddenly surged. The silver glow on his feet appeared and his body immediately shook before appearing behind the two people in a ghost-like manner. A hot palm of wind violently smashed against the backs of these two people.
The reactions of Wu Ya and the other person were quite quick. They immediately forcefully turned their bodies around when they sensed the hot wind from behind them. Immediately their fists which were filled with powerful Dou Qi ruthlessly surged forth and finally collided with both of Xiao Yan"s palms. A loud noise immediately resounded over the sky.
The wind...
Chapter 796: Four Wings Sky Demon Scorpion
The light seal did not hesitate as it ruthlessly smashed into Wu Ya"s body in front of the countless number of gazes. A soul-stirring explosion resounded over the sky.
The face of even expert at the peak of the Dou Huang class Wu Ya was covered by an unusual redness upon receiving this heavy attack. He felt a sweetness in his throat and a mouthful of fresh blood was involuntarily wildly thrown up. The aura of his entire body was completely weary and the pair of Dou Qi wings were partially visible. A moment later he fainted because of the intense pain that was transmitted from his chest. He fell head first to the ground.
The eyes of the experts from both sides surrounding them were stunned as they looked at Wu Ya who had fallen because of his serious injuries. Some fear suddenly surged in their hearts. There was an additional horror in their eyes when they looked at the black-robed figure in the sky. If it was that Elder whom he had killed earlier other people could still unconvincingly attribute it to his use of the Secret Technique. However Wu Ya was a genuine expert at the peak of the Dou Huang class and even he was now seriously...
Chapter 797: Revealing Oneself
Xiao Yan and Xie Shan hurriedly raised their heads upon hearing that tender laughter. They were stunned to see a purple-haired little girl was suspended in the sky in front of the Four Wings Sky Demon Scorpion at this moment. Her figure was extremely agile as she dodged the wild attacks by the latter. Each time she dodged the little girl would strike her palm on the large shell of the Four Wings Sky Demon Scorpion.
What seemed like a tender white little hand would emit a clear metallic sound each time it struck the Four Wings Sky Demon Scorpion. The enormous Four Wing Sky Demon Scorpion entire body shook and fell back in front of numerous stunned gazes. Clearly that purple-haired little girl"s fist contained a kind of frightening strength that even the Four Wing Sky Demon Scorpion had difficulty withstanding.
Such repeated defeats caused the Four Wing Sky Demon Scorpion to become much more irritated. A wild violent blood glint flickered in its enormous eyes. Two large pincers closed repeatedly like large scissors as it clipped randomly at Zi Yan. Even tough rocks were cut apart wherever the pincers past. Some towering enormous trees broke at their middle. One could see the sharpness of the...
Chapter 798: Protector Tie
A majestic aura that faintly contained some dark coldness seeped out from deep within the Ten Thousand Scorpion Gate"s mountain top. The battle in both the sky and on the ground gradually came to a stop. Experts from both parties were looking at the source of the aura with surprise and uncertainty. Other than a small number of people there was hardly anyone who knew the origin of the owner of this aura.
The faces of even some experts at the Dou Huang class became unnaturally ugly when they sensed this aura. This was because they discovered that the majestic degree of this aura had far surpassed them. It could even be compared with Little Fairy Doctor and Xie Bu Yan. The appearance of such a high class expert at such a moment was enough to flip victory and defeat in this big battle!
Two crossing human figures in the distant sky suddenly stopped. The battle between Little Fairy Doctor and Xie Bu Yan also temporarily paused. After that earlier intense fight the aura of the both of was a little unstable. Frightening Dou Qi lingered over their entire bodies shaking the air until it trembled.
The Little Fairy Doctor"s eyes swept over toward the source of the majestic aura. Her eyes shrank while she quietly wondered in her heart "Is that fellow...
Chapter 799: Eruption of Dou Zong Battle
All the eyes in this area instantly turned following the unusual appearance of that figure. All of these people were stunned when they saw that the person who had appeared was actually a woman with a beautiful face.
"She is actually the other VIP that the sect leader invited... it is unexpected... she is actually an elite Dou Zong?"
The faces of the experts from the Poison Sect were stunned when they saw the woman reveal her face. No one expected that the person who had intervened earlier was actually her. After being stunned a wild joy surged from deep within their hearts. From hearing the cry of Protector Tie earlier it seemed that this person was also an elite Dou Zong. Moreover the act of distorting space with a hand was something that only an expert Dou Zong could achieve. This point was something that the expert Dou Huangs present were extremely clear about.
At this moment the morale of the people from the Poison Sect which had been greatly lost from the intervention of Protector Tie immediately soared. The other party had two elite Dou Zongs and they also had two. They still possessed quite a large advantage in this big battle.
The person who intervened...
Chapter 800: Sneak Attack
Xie Bi Yan"s face changed slightly as he looked at the Little Fairy Doctor whose entire body had suddenly emitted a strange aura. The gloating expression in his eyes disappeared. All that remained was a solemness that could not be voiced. From the strange aura that was emitted from the other person"s body he could sense a thread of death.
"Woeful Poison Body. Looks like what Protector Tie said is true. You are able to reach this stage at such an age only because you are relying on this thing..." Xie Bi Yan was also an experienced person. He had also heard a little about the prowess of the Woeful Poison Body. As such he immediately hissed in a sinister manner.
The Little Fairy Doctor slowly lifted her head. The colors within her eyes was so pure that it was terrifying. One was purple while the other was gray. There was no doping of other colors. It gave one a cold and indifferent feeling at a glance. Under this strange pair of eyes Xie Bi Yan"s heart involuntarily leaped despite his strength.
Gray-purple eyes observed Xie Bi Yan. However the Little Fairy Doctor...
Chapter 801: Xie Shan"s Death
This gentle weak little fist caused an unusual redness to surge up Xie Shan"s face when it landed on his chest. His throat became sweet as a mouthful of fresh blood involuntarily spattered out.
Xie Shan"s body suddenly withdrew in a hurried and miserable manner as the fresh blood was spat out. He hurriedly moved back and his body staggered a little. Clearly the firm contact of Zu Yan"s fist earlier caused him to enter a seriously injured state. After all the frightening strength of the latter would definitely not be a fun thing for any expert Dou Huang to receive.
"Bastard bastard big bastard. You actually dare to launch a sneak attack!" Xie Shan"s body hurriedly withdrew and he immediately roared out in an extremely furious manner.
Xiao Yan shook his head in ridicule when he heard this. He did not say any nonsense as a silver glow flickered under his feet. In an instant he appeared in front of Xie Shan and his heavy ruler was lifted into a frightening arc. It immediately carried the terrifying sound of rushing wind as it smashed at the latter"s head in a merciless manner.
Xiao Yan did not...
Chapter 802: Soul Bag
Two human figures were flashing around each other in ghost-like manners at that spot. Frightening energy ripples shook the space until it began to distort. Not a single expert from both sides dared to step into that battle. This was because everyone knew that in a battle between elite Dou Zongs even a Dou Huang would not have enough strength to intervene.
"How is Cai Lin jie?"
A lovely little figure flashed over to Xiao Yan"s side. Zi Yan"s eyes studied the battleground as she sensed the frightening energy ripple that spread out. A solemness surfaced on her small face when she spoke.
"Her strength is similar to that of Protector Tie from the "Hall of Souls" and their battle is a stalemate. It is likely that the victor will have difficulty being decided within a short period of time." Xiao Yan spoke while deep in thought. If the battle between elite Dou Zongs were to enter one involving life and death it would usually last for a long time. However given Medusa"s and that Protector Tie"s characters they would naturally not allow this battle to last for long. Hence it was likely that the victor of this battle would be determined within...
Chapter 803: Sea Flipping Seal!
A seven colored sword glow and the black python-like metal chains crossed each other in a lightning-like manner in the sky. They erupted into a soul-stirring clear sound as glaring sparks splashed about.
Medusa"s body withdrew. Her face was also quite solemn. After having swallowed a couple of spiritual bodies the strength of Protector Tie had clearly increased. These wild and violent attacks had caused Medusa"s hands to become slightly numb.
Protector Tie"s body stood in the empty sky. His gaze was dark and vicious as he looked at Medusa. His mouth emitted a strange laugh that was filled with killing intent. Protector Tie did not give Medusa even a moment to catch her breath. His hand moved and the black-colored enormous-python-like chains emitted the whizz of pressurized wind as it swept across the sky. Finally it swung violently toward Medusa.
A cold glint flashed across Medusa"s eyes when she was faced with this fast attack by Protector Tie. Powerful Dou Qi was circulated in her body to the maximum. A bright seven colored glow seeped out of her body. She looked...
Chapter 804: Miserable Protector Tie
According to what Xun Er had said the "God Seal Skill" was one of the secret skills of her clan. Only those clan members with outstanding talent had the qualification to practice it. From her solemn expression Xiao Yan could tell that this Dou Technique could be considered a high grade Dou Techniques even within her clan. Hence she had instructed Xiao Yan not to easily use it unless it was a critical moment. Some trouble would be unavoidable should someone recognize it. The most troublesome thing was if this matter were to spread to the clan. If the members of the clan learned that such a secret skill was being practiced by an outsider they would definitely dispatch someone to retrieve it!
There was only an extremely simple method for the retrieval of a Dou Technique. That was to kill this person. In that case the Dou Technique that existed within his mind would naturally disappear...
The killing intent in Xiao Yan"s heart soared when that Protector Tie"s mouth emitted an involuntary cry. Xiao Yan recalled the solemn expression that Xun Er revealed when she was reminding...
Chapter 805: Capture!
"Bang!"
An earth-shaking explosion suddenly resounded over the sky. At that moment the entire Sky Scorpion Mountain Range violently trembled because of it. Some of the weaker people from both sides were shaken by this sudden thunder-like roar until threads of blood seeped from their ears.
The enormous seven colored energy agglomerated in the sky like clouds. Finally it slowly scattered. The space was just like that of the surface of a calm lake after an enormous rock was thrown into it stirring up a storm. On top of it waves of visible energy ripples seeped out.
Xiao Yan paused in the sky while being supported by Zi Yan. The "Sea Flipping Seal" from earlier had nearly exhausted all the Dou Qi within his body. Fortunately the usage of the "God Seal Skill" did not pose much requirements on his Spiritual Strength. Hence the kind of dizzy condition after using the "Angry Buddha Lotus Flame" did not appear.
Despite this Xiao Yan"s current condition was not good. His face was pale and his aura was weary. It was still somewhat hard for him to use the "Sea Flipping Skill" with his current strength.
At this moment Xiao Yan"s and Zi Yan"s...
Chapter 806: An All Out Strike
The enormous grayish-purple space cage in the distant sky suddenly revealed some unusual fluctuations. One could see that the surrounding distorted spacial wall suddenly lifted and formed numerous ripples. In merely a moment the distorted arc grew smaller. In the end the distorted space began to slowly return to its earlier state.
With the disappearance of the spatial wall that covered that spot the grayish-purple fog that filled the place began to spread without any restraint.
The faces of Xiao Yan and the others changed slightly upon seeing signs of the grayish-purple poison fog spreading apart. Although they were quite far away that grayish-purple poison fog still gave them an unusual feeling. If it was allowed to spread without care it was likely that all the life on this mountain peak would die to this poisonous gas.
While Xiao Yan and the others were planning to withdraw in a hurry the grayish-purple poison fog that was spreading suddenly stilled. Immediately a wild suction force was emitted from the middle pulling the surrounding poison fog...
Chapter 807: Demon Poison Spot
The sudden arrival of this black light caused Xiao Yan to be momentarily absent-minded. The skin on his head involuntarily turned a little numb as he sensed the frightening energy contained within the black light. The Dou Qi in his body appeared to activate at this critical moment. It involuntarily broke free and rose to the surface of his body.
That black glow suddenly reached its target just as the Dou Qi surged out. It contained a fishy scent that caused one to puke as it violently shot into Xiao Yan"s protective Dou Qi.
The hot jade-green Dou Qi seemed to be like snow that met boiling oil when the two collided. It instantly scattered. In a breath"s time the protective Dou Qi was forcefully torn apart by the black glow and violently struck Xiao Yan"s body in an unceremonial manner.
The collision did not result in any force. However the black light seemed to be like a liquid as it instantly disappeared into Xiao Yan"s skin.
Only a mere second passed by the time the black glow broke the protective Dou Qi and entered Xiao Yan"s body. By the time Xiao...
Chapter 808: Rock Pool
Xiao Yan bitterly laughed when he heard this. Currently preserving his life was the most important thing. Who would be bothered about whether this "Demon Poison Spot" contained all of the Dou Qi of an elite Dou Zong within it?
"How long does this "Demon Poison Spot" take to completely erupt?" Xiao Yan mused for a moment before asking an extremely important question.
The Little Fairy Doctor hesitated once again. Finally she helplessly whispered a reply a moment later.
"Half a year."
Xiao Yan felt somewhat irritated when he heard the time that was spat out from the Little Fairy Doctor"s mouth. Half a year. Where would he go and find an elite Dou Zun to help him undo this "Demon Poison Spot" during this time?
"However you need not be too worried about this. Although I am unable to undo the "Demon Poison Spot" I have the ability to greatly delay its eruption time!" The Little Fairy Doctor mused for a moment upon seeing Xiao Yan"s expression. Finally she spoke with a shamed expression. If she had not invited Xiao Yan over it was likely that such a thing would not have occurred. Moreover she was unable to help settle it after such a problem happened.
Xiao Yan sighed in relief only after hearing this. He turned his head to look...
Chapter 809: Sealing The Demon Poison Spot
Two pair of eyes tangled with each other across a pool that contained a faint fog. Xiao Yan finally recovered a moment later. He immediately let out an intense dry cough when he saw the Little Fairy Doctor"s embarrassed red face of and hurriedly turned his gaze away.
Xiao Yan"s cough caused the Little Fairy Doctor to be pulled out from the slight giddy feeling that was transmitted from her head. Her lovely naked body was just like a beautiful mermaid as she entered the rock pool with a splashing sound. Finally her alluring body that caused one to daydream was covered by that dark-black pool of water.
Xiao Yan also felt somewhat embarrassed when he saw the circular ripples within the rock pool. This matter really did not have much relation with him. The Dou Qi within his body had just completed a cycle when he had unexpectedly opened his eyes to this scene.
"Splash!"
The pool of water not far away emitted a ripple while Xiao Yan was feeling embarrassed. Immediately a somewhat bright-red alluring face rose from the pool. However the Little Fairy Doctor only revealed her head this time around. The remaining parts of her body were completely covered...
Chapter 810: Two Star Dou Huang
The jade-green flame burned fiercely as a hot film spread out. This caused the interior of Xiao Yan"s entire body to appear to be grilled. However it was fortunate that the "Glazed Lotus Heart Flame" had been completely refined by Xiao Yan. The high temperature that was released did not adversely affect Xiao Yan. Otherwise no one else would dare allow a "Heavenly Flame" to burn without care in their body.
A dark-black energy line was rolling intensely like a small snake within that cluster of jade-green flame. Following each rotation the dark-black color surrounding its body would scatter a little while being grilled by the "Glazed Lotus Heart Flame".
Although this kind of scattering speed was extremely slow the dark-black color would sooner or later be completely incinerated into nothingness since it was not supported by any supplements. As long as the black color that contained an intense poison was removed the pure Dou Qi that was contained in this "Demon Poison Spot" would be easily absorbed by Xiao Yan. Moreover it would become a nourishing substance that would allow Xiao Yan"s strength to improve.
Xiao Yan"s mind was focused on...
Chapter 811: Third In Ranking
Xiao Yan"s hand rubbed his chest. He pulled apart his shirt and swept his gaze down only to realize that the surrounding area of that "Demon Poison Spot" that had been spreading a strange black color was covered by an unusual seal. Moreover it seemed that this seal had stopped the spread of the "Demon Poison Spot".
"This is the poison sealing method that I have learned from the Seven Colored Poison Book that I obtained back when were were in the cave at the Qingshan Town. Adding this to the "Heavenly Flame" that is helping you it is likely that this "Demon Poison Spot" will not erupt during these next two years." The Little Fairy Doctor softly explained as she watched Xiao Yan.
"In other words you must find an elite Dou Zun to help remove the poison within two years. Otherwise the seal will automatically disappear at that time and the "Demon Poison Spot" will completely erupt." The Little Fairy Doctor"s face became a little solemn when she spoke these words.
"Aye aye I know." Xiao Yan nodded slightly. He did not mention that he might be able to refine this "Demon Poison Spot" if he could find a third kind of "Heavenly Flame". After...
Chapter 812: Plans
The "Heavenly Flame Ranking" contained the twenty-three kinds of "Heavenly Flames" that everyone on the Dou Qi continent knew. Each type of "Heavenly Flame" on this ranking list caused a countless number of people to flock over in doves. Any little news that was related to them would stir up an extremely big commotion. This point had already been proven many times over by many events.
Each of the "Heavenly Flame" on the "Heavenly Flame Ranking" had their own unique properties. Of course just like how people had long and short hands the "Heavenly Flames" naturally had those that were stronger and those that were weaker when they were compared with each other. The first kind of "Heavenly Flame" that Xiao Yan had was the "Green Lotus Core Flame" which was ranked nineteenth on the ranking list. On top of possessing an extremely wild and violently high temperature this kind of "Heavenly Flame" seemed to also be able to ignite a volcanic eruption. Of course until now Xiao Yan had never done something like this. Hence he was also unaware of whether this was really true.
The second "Heavenly Flame" he possessed was naturally the "Fallen Heart Flame" which was ranked fourteenth. This kind of invisible flame was similar to the "Green Lotus Core Flame" in...
Chapter 813: Information on the Hall of Souls
Medusa"s and the Little Fairy Doctor"s eyes swept over the jade bottle in Xiao Yan"s hand causing their eyes to slightly solidify. Immediately they placed themselves with one at the front and the other behind completely sealing the interior of this room. They felt some fear within their heart for that so-called Protector Tie of the "Hall of Souls".
Xiao Yan laughed upon seeing the reaction of these two people. His hand rubbed the bottle"s mouth. The fluctuation of the invisible flame gradually became pale before finally disappearing.
An illusionary soul immediately rushed out following the scattering of the flame. Finally he shot toward the ceiling without any care for his life.
An invisible fire wall suddenly appeared on the ceiling as Xiao Yan flicked his finger. That illusionary spiritual body knocked into it and immediately emitted a "chi chi" sound. A sharp miserable cry subsequently appeared.
Xiao Yan observed the illusionary spiritual body which was covering his head in panic. He smiled faintly as the seal on his hand moved. That invisible fire wall rushed down and accurately wrapped around the soul before slowly descending.
"Ke ke Protector...
Chapter 814: Hurrying to the Black Corner Region
A couple of human figures stood on a mountain outside of the Sky Poison City on the next morning.
Their eyes looked at the enormous city under their feet as XIao Yan exhaled a breath of air. He turned his head and softly said to Little Fairy Doctor by the side "Are you really planning on leaving with me?"
"Yes I have already settled everything within the sect. Moreover it doesn"t matter even if something really happened after I return. I was able to establish the poison sect once and will naturally be able to do it again." Little Fairy Doctor said in an unconcerned manner. She had established the Poison Sect back then on a wimp. If she was to really discuss about it the effort that she had put into it was naturally unlike what Xiao Yan did for the Yan Alliance.
Xiao Yan did not say anything more upon seeing this. His eyes looked towards Medusa and he spoke in a deep voice "I will leave the Yan Alliance...
Chapter 815: Encounter Along the Way
Xiao Yan led the Little Fairy Doctor and Zi Yan as they flew at a low altitude along the route from his memory. When they passed by some "Black-Corner Region" city along the way they would land and pass through them by foot. They would pause for a moment at some auction houses and medicinal shops while crossing the cities in an attempt to search for the ingredients that they needed.
The speed of Xiao Yan"s group was naturally much slower because of this. However they also avoided much trouble. Xiao Yan tried to inquire about some news of "Xiao Gate" along the way but perhaps because this was the outer region of the "Black-Corner Region" there was no detailed news about them despite many people having heard about this new faction that had suddenly risen within the last couple of years. Therefore Xiao Yan felt quite helpless. Nevertheless he was able to tell that "Xiao Gate" did not meet too much trouble from the news that he had obtained. This caused him to sigh in relief.
Since he had learned that "Xiao Gate" was fine Xiao Yan was in no hurry to get there. He led the Little Fairy Doctor and Zi Yan along the many cities as he gathered some information about the few necessary ingredients needed to control the "Woeful Poison...
Chapter 816: Demon Flame Valley
The face of the man immediately rejoiced when he saw that Xiao Yan"s footsteps had paused. However the eyes of the surrounding black-clothed people became dark and chilly.
"Brat. if you don"t wish to lose your life you should lead your people and leave. Otherwise..." That leader of the black-clothed people"s voice was dark and cold as he spoke.
Xiao Yan completely ignored this threat. He turned around narrowed his eyes and studied the man and the purple-clothed young lady. His voice was a little surprised as he asked.
"The both of you are people from the Jia Nan Academy?"
The man who was called Mai Di and the purple-clothed young lady were startled when they saw Xiao Yan"s sudden change in attitude. The former continued to speak carefully "I am an instructor of the Jia Nan Academy. She is my student Mo Ling."
Xiao Yan nodded slightly when he heard this. He immediately said with a smile "In that case please leave with me."
Mai Di and the purple-clothed young lady widened their mouths when they saw Xiao Yan"s smiling face. They were unable to recover. This continued for quite awhile before the man pulled the purple-clothed young lady with some hesitation. They swiftly...
Chapter 817: Blood Sword Wu Hao
Waves of thunder-like beast roars would occasionally be emitted within the lush green mountain forest frightening numbers of resting birds within the forest flew away. The flapping sound that was brought about by their wings caused the air to become much more tense.
There was a precipitous mountain wall covered by this lush greenery. The lower part of the mountain peak was split forming an enormous gully. Looking from it at a great distance it appeared just like a valley. Both sides of the valley had precipitous rock walls that were difficult to climb. The only exit was one that was not even twenty feet wide.
A large group of people were currently clustered in this valley. Most of their faces were pale-white. However there was not much panic between their brows. They were holding their weapons in their hands as their gazes coldly swept over the mountain peak and the valley exit.
This group of people was quite young. They were around seventeen to nineteen years old. It was the age when people had the greatest vigor. There was also a roughly even ratio of males to females. The young ladies had eye-catching appearances. Their lively aura that was specifically possessed by young ladies was even more striking. However these beautiful young ladies all displayed pale-white faces at this moment. This...
Chapter 818: Eagle-Clawed Elder
The green-clothed old man stood in empty air. Large Dou Qi wings on his back flapped slowly blowing the surrounding air until it spread apart like waves of water.
The expression of the old man was somewhat dark. A sternness filled the spot between his brows. Although the size of his body was quite small the pair of hands that were revealed outside his sleeves were exceptionally large. His fingers were also unusually long. They emitted a cold blade-like glint under the light of the sunlight.
The faces of both parties changed following the appearance of this green-clothed old man. The two Demon Flame Valley"s expert Dou Wangs swiftly withdrew. After which they knelt with one knee on the ground and cried out in an extremely respectful manner "Welcome Fourth Elder!"
Wu Hao"s expression was solemn as he stared at the green-clothed old man in the sky. His heart however slowly sank. He was also quite familiar with this green-clothed old man.
The Fourth Elder of the Demon Flame Valley. His name of Xie Zhen and the people in the "Black-Corner Region" called him the Eagle-Clawed Elder. His strength was around that of a six star Dou Huang. His sharp close range combat was something that was renowned. This was especially so for his well-known claw technique that caused many to feel afraid by just...
Chapter 819: Xiao Gate Xiao Yan
Wu Hao joyous cry reverberated unceasingly within the valley causing quite a number of people to be stunned.
The first person who recovered from her shock was Xiao Yu who was unusually sensitive to this name. A joyful disbelief instantly surged onto her pretty pale-white face.
"May I know which friend has intervened? This matter concerns the grudge of my Demon Flame Valley and the Jia Nan Academy. It has nothing to do with the outsiders!" Xie Zhen"s body also hurriedly pulled back as he immediately cried out in a deep voice. As the shout was emitted from his mouth that gaze swiftly swept over the sky.
"He he Wu Hao it has been a long time since we last met. It is unexpected that I end up seeing you in such a miserable state the moment I see you!" A clear laugh appeared from nowhere not long after Xie Zhen"s cry sounded. It lingered in the air before it finally resounded over valley.
"Everyone in the valley suddenly raised their heads when they heard this laughter. They saw a black-robed young man flapping jade-green flame wings on his back as he stood in the sky.
"Xiao Yan... it is really him. We are really saved...
Chapter 820: Leave No One Alive
""Xiao Gate"s" Xiao Yan?"
Xie Zhen"s expression immediately changed when he heard that calm voice enter his ear. Other people might feel that this name was foreign but he was extremely familiar with it. The founder of Xiao Gate. The young expert who was renowned throughout the "Black-Corner Region" back then!
Even though it had been two years since that time quite a number of people within the "Black-Corner Region" still remembered this name. Moreover the interior of their Demon Flame Valley had accommodated quite a number of experts who had nowhere to go after being chased by this black-robed young man. Hence he retained a deep memory in regards to this person.
"Isn"t it rumored that he left the "Black-Corner Region"? Why would he appear in this place?" Xie Zhen rubbed away the blood trace from the corner of his mouth. A storm brewed within his heart. After all this person had even killed an expert like Han Feng who had half a foot in the Dou Zong class back then. His return would undoubtedly bring a lot of pressure on the Demon Flame Valley.
This thought churned within Xie Zhen"s heart as an intention to withdraw gradually surfaced...
Chapter 821: Turbulent Times
The smile on Wu Hao"s face was slowly withdrawn when he heard Xiao Yan"s question. He frowned intently mused for a moment before saying "This Demon Flame Valley is also an old faction within the "Black-Corner Region". It has existed for quite a long time. The strength of the valley is also unusually great. Originally they did not have much conflict with the Jia Nan Academy. Due to "Xiao Gate" our relationship has become like fire and water during this one to two years."
"What"s the matter?" Xiao Yan was slightly startled. This matter was actually related to "Xiao Gate"?
"The main reason is that "Xiao Gate" is developing too quickly. It could be considered a renowned faction within the "Black-Corner Region". The expansion of a faction will naturally involve some unavoidable issues with other factions. Hence due to some issues "Xiao Gate" and the Demon Flame Valley have had some conflicts. With the increase in the intensity of these conflicts a big battle is naturally unavoidable..." Wu Hao sighed helplessly. "In the beginning this Demon Flame Valley had revealed its powerful strength as an old faction. "Xiao Gate" was repeatedly...
Chapter 822: Entering the City
Anyone who possessed knowledge about the wall"s material would be able to discover that the surface of this city wall was actually covered by a layer of extremely rare "Black Mirror Rock". A city wall that was molded from such a material had the unique ability to reflect some attacks. It was quite a good choice to be used as a city wall even though this thing was quite rare. Yet this Black Emperor Sect was actually able to use it to cover the walls of the city. Such rich foundation caused not only Xiao Yan but also the Little Fairy Doctor by his side to sigh in amazement.
"It is indeed expensive..."
Xiao Yan turned his gaze to the human crowd where fierce auras repeatedly passed. He let out a sigh from his mouth. He could not help but feel somewhat curious. He had met quite a number of people with great strength during his journey to this place. Moreover by the looks of their route it was obvious that they were heading to "Black Emperor City". With so many strong people who possessed fiery odd tempers being gathered in such a city it was likely that the subsequent days in this city would not be calm.
Chaos was a peculiar atmosphere that this "Black-Corner Region" possessed in great quantities. No...
Chapter 823: Thousand Medicinal House
Xiao Yan walked out of the somewhat dark tunnel. The glaring sunlight shone down from the sky. The sound of bustling noise was a demon tune as it poured into his ears causing Xiao Yan to frown.
Xiao Yan narrowed his eyes as he slowly lifted his head. He looked at the enormous inner part of the city and the crowded human traffic that moved along the spacious roads in front of him. He could not help but let out a prasing sigh. The size of this Black Emperor City was not smaller than the capital of the Jia Ma Empire. From a certain point of view even the Jia Ma Empire"s capital could not compare with it. After all the things that this place had were things that the capital did not.
"Where should we go next?" The Little Fairy Doctor"s eyes shifted around as she softly asked.
Xiao Yan mused slightly before he immediately said "We will first go to the larger medicinal shops in the city and take a look around. The interior of the "Black-Corner Region" possesses quite a number of rare medicinal ingredients the outside world lacks. If we are lucky enough we might be able to obtain some of the medicinal ingredients that we need. Moreover we have to inquire about information related to the Bodhisattva Body Transformation Saliva. That thing... even I don"t have sufficient...
Chapter 824: Pill Exchange Gathering
The second story of the Thousand Medicinal House was not as luxurious as Xiao Yan had imagined. The somewhat ancient decorations caused it to possess a great atmosphere that would never be out of fashion. From this it can be seen that the owner of the Thousand Medicinal House was someone who had some taste.
At this moment some crystal counters were positioned in the hall of the second storey. Some jade boxes were placed in these crystal counters. A faint glow could be vaguely seen from the jade boxes. At a glance one could tell that they were not ordinary things.
There were quite a number of human figures scattered throughout the large hall. Looking at their clothing they were mostly alchemists. It seemed that they were thinking of exchanging for some rare medicinal ingredients in this second story.
Xiao Yan"s three man group attracted quite a number of gazes when they came up. However when they saw that the former was not wearing an alchemist"s robe they slowly withdrew their gazes. If the person himself did not show his skill another alchemist would have difficulty identifying the exact ability of that person. Hence someone like Xiao Yan who did not wear an alchemist robe would have difficulty attracting the attention...
Chapter 825: Red-Faced Elder
"It is indeed worthy of being the "Black-Corner Region"... within a day two alchemists of such tier have appeared... it looks like I really did not come here for nothing today."
The appearance of this red-faced elder caused the voices of the many alchemist in the hall to become much softer. Some of those whose abilities were a little stronger displayed somewhat unnatural expressions.
Owner Yao on the stage was slightly startled. A warm smile was immediately pushed onto her face as she hurriedly descended the stage and headed to the red-faced elder. Her mouth laughed in a loving manner "Old Qi is honoring us with his presence. This time around the Black Emperor City is holding a large-scale auction and I thought that Old Qi will not have the spare time to come..."
"Hee hee what is Owner Yao saying? The quality of the medicinal ingredients in the Thousand Medicinal House is extraordinary. Even the old me cannot help but feel interested. Moreover this Pill Exchange Gathering is not frequently held. Therefore the old me will definitely come over and take a look regardless of how busy I am." The old man who was addressed as Old Qi laughed out loud. His voice was extremely clear. When he...
Chapter 826: Bidding
The sudden action within the hall caused quite a number of people to be startled. Their faces turned into sparkling ones when they clearly saw the person who had extended his hand to stop Xiao Yan. They immediately used pitiful eyes to look at Xiao Yan.
Xiao Yan"s gaze calmly observed the large hand placed on the box of the "Jade Bone Fruit". He quietly sighed in his heart "It really ended up in this manner..."
Ever since these five jade boxes were taken out Xiao Yan had a feeling that it was likely that his attempt to exchange for the medicinal ingredients would not be as smooth as he had thought. In the end his thoughts had really come true...
Xiao Yan vaguely turned his head. He looked at the large red-faced man who stood behind him and faintly knit his brows.
"Ke ke Old Qi this mister is the first to bid... isn"t this act of yours not quite following the rules?" Owner Yao"s heart sank when she saw the red-faced elder extend his hand. However she forcefully smiled as she spoke.
"What is Owner Yao saying? This place originally gets one to bid. The highest bid will take the item. Why does it matter who is first?" The large...
Chapter 827: Success
The silent atmosphere in the hall continued for around one minute. Qi Shan finally could not endure it any longer as he said in an enigmatic manner "Hey Old Yan. Although your success rate in refining a Dou Spirit Pill is extremely low aren"t you valuing this Dou Spirit Pill too highly."
Old Yan from the Thousand Medicinal House faintly swept his eyes over Qi Shan after hearing the latter speak these words. He coldly smiled and said "Perhaps I might not be comparable to you when it came to medicinal refinement skills. However the old me is not afraid of you when it comes to having eyes for medicinal pills."
Qi Shan choked on these words of Old Yan until he became dull. He also felt somewhat bitter. When it came to having eyes for medicinal pills he had no choice but admit that he could not match the former.
"This mister are you really planning to use this Dou Spirit Pill to exchange for these three medicinal ingredients?" Owner Yao"s face was full of smiles as she looked at Xiao Yan. Her voice contained some uncertainty. The value of this Dou Spirit Pill was greater than these three medicinal ingredients. In order to succeed in sealing this deal she was even willing to leave Qi Shan hanging dry by the side. A Dou Spirit Pill even Old Yan praised...
Chapter 828: Bodhisattva Heart
"Bodhisattva Body Transformation Saliva?"
Owner Yao and Old Yan by the side were startled after hearing the name that was emitted from Xiao Yan"s mouth. They immediately fell deep into thought.
Joy surged into Xiao Yan"s heart as he observed the two people who were deep in thought. He was merely asking randomly. Yet he ended up seeing the expression of the faces of the two of them. It seemed that they were not completely unaware about this thing.
Xiao Yan turned his head and exchanged looks with the Little Fairy Doctor by his side. He discovered that despite the latter"s calmness there was a faint joy within her eyes. They did not manage to obtain even the slightest bit of information regarding the "Bodhisattva Body Transformation Saliva" during their journey. Unexpectedly they might be able to learn something after they arrived here.
"... according to what the old me knows there is a kind of mysterious ancient tree within a sparsely populated mountain. It is named the Bodhisattva Ancient Tree. The rhizome of this tree buried deep underground will gradually form a thick heart-shaped item that will possess a mysterious...
Chapter 829: Black Emperor Pavilion
Xiao Yan softly exhaled after walking out of the Thousand Medicinal House. He studied the human traffic that was coming and going. He turned his head to look at the Little Fairy Doctor by his side as he laughed "It seems that we did not come in vain this time around. We unexpectedly managed to obtain some news of the Bodhisattva Body Transformation Saliva here."
The Little Fairy Doctor grinned. Her heart was also a little excited. Out of the three conditions required to control the "Woeful Poison Body" the Bodhisattva Body Transformation Saliva was the one that was hardest to find. Now they had actually managed to gain information about it in this place. If they could get their hands on it during the auction it would not be long until they could control the "Woeful Poison Body".
"However it won"t be an easy thing to obtain the Bodhisattva Body Transformation Saliva in the auction." The Little Fairy Doctor recalled what that Old Yan had said earlier before frowning and sighing.
Although a simple Bodhisattva Body Transformation Saliva might not cause too many experts and factions to desire it that mysterious Bodhisattva Heart behind it was something that would cause anyone to become crazy. Therefore it would definitely not be an easy...
Chapter 830: Trouble That Comes Knocking At the Door
Being able to be the place where experts and the leaders from the many factions were settled by the Black Emperor Sect the Black Emperor Pavilion was unusually luxurious. Xiao Yan"s group clicked their tongues and praised when they entered through its incomparably large door and looked into the spacious arena-sized hall. This Black Emperor Sect could really afford to spend.
The hall of the current Black Emperor Pavilion was extremely noisy and lively. There were quite a number of human figures sitting in scattered groups. Great attention was given to the spots where these people sat. Only familiar people and those belonging to the same factions would cluster together. Some of those people seating on individual tables were the lone warriors that roamed the "Black-Corner Region". The strength of these kinds of people were usually quite strong. Their characters were also a little eccentric. It was a common matter for them to draw their weapons and face each other should they have a disagreement.
The unique characteristic of the "Black-Corner Region" was chaos. This point was not the least bit diminished even in this Black Emperor Pavilion. Due to this place having gathered...
Chapter 831: White-Clothed Person
The table burst apart and wood flew in all directions. However Xiao Yan"s expression did not change even a little. His hand was still holding a teacup acting like the surface of a calm lake without even the hint of a ripple.
Xiao Yan raised his eyes to the face of the fierce-looking middle-aged man. He glanced at the latter and slowly replied "They are but some dregs. It"s nothing killing them."
Those surrounding people were slightly surprised when they heard Xiao Yan straight up admit to the matter. Their hearts immediately came to a sudden understanding. It seemed that this young person was not some ordinary person. Otherwise he would be a fool to be bold enough to say such words in this place.
The fierce glint in the eyes of the shirtless men immediately soared upon hearing Xiao Yan say these words. Their eyes carried a savageness as they stared at Xiao Yan. From the looks of it it appeared as though they would hack the latter into pieces as long as the middle-aged man gave the order.
"Brat you are really haughty. It is just as you have said. Most of those people with inferior strength are dregs and killing them is nothing. Unfortunately there was a disappointing nephew of mine among that group of dregs. Why don"t you tell...
Chapter 832: Mo Ya
The white-clothed person who had appeared in front of Kui Sha had the appearance of someone who was quite young. He appeared only to be about twenty-six to twenty-seven. His clothes were as white as snow. There was a dashing and outstanding feeling created when his white clothes fluttered. The white-clothed man"s face was extremely handsome and this handsomeness carried a little feminine demeanor. His somewhat thin lips curled while the corner of his mouth contained a faint smile. Although the smile gave one a friendly feeling that feminine demeanor caused Xiao Yan to be somewhat displeased.
The white-clothed man who had appeared swiftly became the center of attention of the entire hall. Some surprise flashed across everyone"s eyes after seeing this person. It seemed that they were somewhat surprised about why this person had appeared.
"It is actually the Junior Sect Leader of the Black Emperor Sect Mo Ya?"
"Unexpectedly even he has been disturbed by this matter and has appeared. I heard that this Mo Ya is not even thirty years old but he has already reached a six star Dou Huang. His current strength is one that even some of the Elders within the sect have difficulty contending with."
"What a frightening training...
Chapter 833: The Gathering of the Strong
Xiao Yan"s three man group followed the route that the female servant from earlier had described. They walked through the enormous Black Emperor Pavilion for a long while before finally finding the resting area that occupied a large space.
This resting area retained a quiet environment. The lush green clusters around the buildings and the courtyard added a faint refreshing fragrance to the air braced his attention. This serene area caused Xiao Yan"s group to feel extremely satisfied.
The enormous residence area was divided into the Sky Ground and Human categories. The Human category rooms were for those experts or factions who possessed little reputation within the Black-Corner Region. Normally speaking one would have the qualification to stay in this place as long as one reached the Dou Wang class. The Ground category rooms were for those who had reached the Dou Huang class and some factions that possessed quite a great reputation within the Black-Corner Region.
The Sky category room was the most luxurious of them all. Those who could enter that...
Chapter 834: Two Women"s Hidden Act
When the first rays of the morning sunlight appeared the next day the Black Emperor City which had been quiet for the night once again became noisy. Countless numbers of people began to gather in this city from the outside. The influence and attraction that had been created from the large-scale auction the Black Emperor Sect was holding this year could be considered the greatest within the "Black-Corner Region" in a century.
The promotion by the Black Emperor Sect and the mystery of the Bodhisattva Body Transformation Saliva caused some extremely powerful people who had not shown their faces in the "Black-Corner Region" for a long time to make an exception and leave their retreats. Their destination was naturally the Black Emperor City which had currently become the focus of attention within the "Black-Corner City".
Quite a few people with keen senses faintly sensed a feeling of the calm before the storm that was quietly brewing within the Black Emperor City with so many experts currently gathering.
This time around it was likely that the Black-Corner City would erupt into a soul-stirring big battle that had never been seen in the last...
Chapter 835: Zong Breaking Pill
Xiao Yan gaze slowly swept over the ten plus snow-white jade boxes in front of him. He gently inhaled a breath of air and suppressed a ripple within his heart. With a flick of his finger the enormous "Thousand Beast Cauldron" appeared out of nowhere. It heavily landed on the ground emitting a low and deep "gong" sound.
Xiao Yan narrowed his eyes. The refining method and the various things to take note of when refining the "Zong Breaking Pill" once again flashed across his mind. Awhile later he opened his eyes and a jade-green flame rose within his dark-black pupils.
"Puff!"
A jade-green flame sprang from Xiao Yan"s finger with a sound. He then flicked his finger and the flame transformed into a ray of light that entered the medicinal cauldron in a lightning-like manner.
The flame had just entered the cauldron when its small size suddenly expanded. Within a short instant that tiny flame transformed into a fierce fire that wildly burned within the medicinal cauldron. Following the increase in size of the jade-green flame the bright-red surface on the "Thousand Beast Cauldron" became a more eye-piercing red. At a glance the cauldron appeared...
Chapter 836: Activity
A faint flower-like fragrance lingered in the large quiet hall where the Little Fairy Doctor and Zi Yan relaxed. The bigger one was still alright but the smaller one"s face was filled with impatience.
"He has been in the hidden chamber for two days why is he still not done?" After sitting for a moment Zi Yan leaped to her feet after failing to control herself.
"Refining pills exhausts a great amount of time. One cannot rush it." The Little Fairy Doctor placed down a slightly yellowish book in her hand. Her pretty eyes gently glanced at the secret chamber as she said "Let"s wait a little longer. It should be soon."
"You have already said these words almost ten times." Zi Yan curled her lips as she muttered to herself. She could only return to her seat. However the entire room suddenly and intensely shook just as she sat down.
The sudden shaking caused the Little Fairy Doctor and Zi Yan to be startled. Their gazes turned to the secret chamber in unison. An unusually dense energy ripple was swiftly being formed in that direction.
"Looks like the pill refinement is about to succeed." Joy flashed through the Little Fairy Doctor"s...
Chapter 837: Mo Tian Xing
Xiao Li"s group was startled when they heard the voice of this white-clothed woman which contained some surprise. Xiao Li exchanged looks with Su Qian by his side before he immediately nodded somewhat cautiously. He cupped his hands together and said "I am the deputy chief of "Xiao Gate" Xiao Li."
The Dou Qi within Xiao Li"s body quietly circulated while he spoke. He was certain that he had never met this young Dou Zong in front of him. From the voice of the other party earlier it seemed that she was related to "Xiao Gate." However before he could ascertain whether their relationship was a good or bad one it was not a bad thing to be a little careful.
While Xiao Li was alert the eyes of Su Qian by his side solidified. He could sense that this pretty white-clothed woman might be young but she possessed an unusually great strength. If she possessed an enmity toward "Xiao Gate" it was likely that they would experience some trouble today. Moreover there was the Demon Flame Valley beside them who was looking over with predatory intent.
The killing intent that spread around her...
Chapter 838: The Start Of the Auction
After the storm that was stirred from the pill refinement that day the topic of almost the entire Black Emperor Pavilion was gathered on this white-clothed lady with a frightening strength as well as that mysterious alchemist. Many people were keeping watch outside that building attempting to catch some clues. However there was no longer even the slightest activity within the building after that pill refinement was over. Due to the extremely strong killing intent no one dared to carelessly approach it. The owners of that pavilion did not reveal their faces regardless of the uproar in the outside world.
Some people came to visit with strange thoughts but they could only wisely leave after being left outside the shut door. Mo Ya who thought of himself as extremely great was naturally included among these people.
While the outside world was in an uproar because of the matter yesterday Xiao Yan merely dragged his tired body out of the secret chamber for the first time.
The Little Fairy Doctor and Zi Yan who were standing guard in the living room quickly came forward after seeing that Xiao Yan had finally...
Chapter 839: The Start of the Show
The location where the Black Emperor Sect held the auction was an exceptionally large open ground located in the middle of the city. Even though this was the case the Black Emperor Sect seemed to have somewhat underestimated the attraction of this auction.
When Xiao Yan"s group arrived at the auction and saw the seemingly endless black masses of human traffic they immediately felt speechless. Each of these fellows was even more crazy than the other.
Fortunately the Black Emperor Sect seemed to have expected such a situation. Hence they had designed a tunnel that was for the use of the experts from the "Black-Corner Region". After Xiao Yan"s group made some inquiry they took a couple of turns and successfully arrived in front of the tunnel.
There were many guards from the "Black Emperor Sect" guarding this tunnel. Their hands carried sharp weapons that contained cold glints. The fierce human traffic that was shaken to the point of not daring to approach. A couple of Black Emperor Sect"s Elders were also randomly standing at the tunnel"s entrance. The powerful Dou Qi that spread out from...
Chapter 840: Auction!
The metallic sound of metal things rubbing appeared from the floor of the auction stage as it slowly opened after the appearance of the energy ring. A stairway was extended underground
It appeared in front of the gazes of a countless number of people in the auction ground.
A golden-robed elder immediately carried a smile and slowly walked out after the stairs appeared. The moment he appeared majestic aura slowly swept out of his body. Under this frightening aura the nosiness within this enormous auction ground had become completely silent.
"What a strong aura. I think that this person should be the sect leader of the Black Emperor Sect Mo Tian Xing right?" Xiao Yan narrowed his eyes and studied the golden-robed elder before exclaiming.
"Yes." Little Fairy Doctor vaguely nodded. This Mo Tian Xing was not weaker than the old man who would not die from the Ten Thousand Scorpion Gate back then. He was likely even a little stronger.
"Ha ha the old me is Mo Tian Xing. I think that quite a number of friends know me. Today my Black Emperor Sect is organizing an auction so the old me shall first thank everyone for joining us." Mo Tian Xing who had appeared...
Chapter 841: Six Joint Body Flowing Ruler
The white-haired old man carefully picked up the bright-red scroll from the silver plate before lifting it up for everyone in the auction to see. He smiled and said "This ruler technique Dou Technique is called the Six Joint Body Flowing Ruler a Di class Middle level Dou Technique. It was created a couple of centuries ago by the Six Joint zun-zhe who had dominated the continent back then. This ruler technique is a Dou Technique that made him renowned. Its strength is extremely strong. The only imperfection is that a ruler technique is somewhat unorthodox. Unless one has studied this weapon for decades it is likely that one will have difficulty controlling it."
TL: zun-zhe - respectful term that refers to a Dou Zun
Numerous exclamations sounded within the auction ground when they heard the name of Six Joint zun-zhe. A Dou Zun that was a level that was extremely far from everyone present. Anything that was related to this level would undoubtedly see its value soar. Hence there were still quite a number of people who were somewhat interested despite this weapon being somewhat unorthodox.
"Why? Are you interested?" The Little Fairy Doctor by the side involuntarily laughed...
Chapter 842: Magical Beast Dried Corpse
Following the flow of time the atmosphere within the auction ground continued to rise. The auction items that had appeared at this moment could already be considered a high grade items. The auction price was basically a sky high one to an ordinary person. Hence most of the people were merely adopting the mentality of watching a show at this moment as they observed this auction. However being able to witness some large factions fight over some treasures until their faces turned red and their necks became stiff made this trip worthwhile.
Xiao Yan had seldom bid after bidding for the "Six Joint Body Flowing Ruler". Occasionally he gave some bids because he fancied some rarer medicinal ingredients. Although their prices were expensive they won in terms of not having too many competitors. Therefore by the time he had spent all of the three million gold coins in his pocket quite a few unusually rare spiritual medicines had landed in his hand.
As some auctioned items that caused one to be dazzled were placed on the auction table one after another even Xiao Yan...
Chapter 843: Auctioning Corpse
Sky Bird Nine Flying Wings. This was something that he had obtained from the sect leader of the Gold Geese Sect back then. After obtaining this scroll to manufacture a flying Dou Technique Xiao Yan had frequently practiced it and had gained some understanding on the creation of this thing.
On a whole the Sky Bird Nine Flying Wings did indeed have some unique points. From a certain point of view they could be considered a different type of evolved flying wings. This was because the degree of strength of this kind of flying Dou Technique was completely determined by the ingredients. If the ingredients used to construct it were of a high grade they would be a great help to even some experts of the Dou Zong class. However if the ingredients were not up to par they would be of little help.
The most important ingredient in refining the Sky Bird Nine Flying Wings was the wings of some flying Magical Beast. According to the records on the scroll the Sky Bird Nine Flying Wings of Luo Yan Tian were created from the wings of a rank 6 Magical Beast. They could not really be considered a high grade. However its flying speed was something that even Medusa...
Chapter 844: Barter Trade
The sudden bid instantly stirred up an uproar throughout the auction grounds. A Dou Spirit Pill and a Mighty Huang Pill these two kinds of medicinal pills were exquisite medicinal pills able to raise the strength of a Dou Wang and Dou Huang respectively. This kind of medicinal pill possessed quite a great attraction to some experts present. After all when one reached the Dou Wang and Dou Huang class attempting to raise one"s strength by one star was not a simple task. Sometimes it was not impossible to exhaust a couple years of effort.
A few years of bitter training required one medicinal pill to make up for it. This was undoubtedly the main reason for these experts to become crazy right now.
Similar to the Dou Spirit Pill a medicinal pill like the Mighty Huang Pill would rarely be taken out by any faction to auction off. After all as long as one possessed such a pill one would be able to raise the strength of some core experts within one"s sect. This was very beneficial in terms of overall strength.
Hence everyone was stunned when they heard that there was actually someone who would open his mouth to trade these kinds of medicinal...
Chapter 845: Bodhisattva Body Transformation Saliva
Everyone in the auction grounds stared at these two people who had just completed massive business transaction within a couple of sentences. They involuntarily wiped off the cold sweat on their foreheads. These two fellows were indeed not ordinary people. It was likely that there were hardly anyone present who possessed such resolution.
Three Dou Spirit Pills and two Mighty Huang Pills. Quite a number of people violently swallowed a mouthful of saliva upon hearing the condition that was spat from Xiao Yan"s mouth. Their gazes emitted a greenish light as they stared at Xiao Yan. Being able to take out five medicinal pills of such tier in one go was something that many people were witnessing for the first time. This action was far more resolute that tossing around thousands of gold.
Quite a number of people on the VIP seats used surprised gazes to sweep across Xiao Yan and the smiling Mo Tian Xing. Their hearts felt surprised at the mysterious alchemists great wealth. He was indeed worthy of being an alchemist who could refine a top grade tier 6 medicinal pill....
Chapter 846: Each Revealing One"s Capital
The enormous auction ground descended into an unusual silence after Mo Tian Xing"s words sounded. A countless number of eyes swept over those in the VIP seats. Everyone knew that given the great value of this Bodhisattva Body Transformation Saliva it was naturally impossible for an ordinary person to obtain. Those who had the qualification and ability to obtain it were the experts and ancient factions present in the VIP seats.
The VIP seats were strangely quiet. Even those large factions that were ready to create trouble earlier did not open their mouths in a frantic manner. Instead their bodies leaned gently against the backrest of their chairs as their fingers gently knocked on their armrests. They did not open their mouths to say anything.
"Ha ha it is this old me who has not made myself clear."
Mo Tian Xing was also startled by this unusual silence. Immediately he appeared to have recovered as he softly laughed and said "Due to this Bodhisattva Body Transformation Saliva being far too valuable the auctioning method will also be somewhat different. Next I will like to invite those friends who are...
Chapter 847: The Final Victor
The Zong Breaking Pill. Mo Tian Xing was not foreign to this medicinal pill that could be considered renowned. Qi Shan behind him was also not foreign to it. The effects of this medicinal pill similarly possessed an enormous attraction to them.
Currently the Black Emperor Sect only had one elite Dou Zong Mo Tian Xing. This was also the main reason why the Black Emperor Sect was able to stand within the "Black-Corner Region" without collapsing. Hence one could tell just what kind of deterrent effect an elite Dou Zong possessed within this region.
The Black Emperor Sect had been thinking of grooming a second elite Dou Zong during these years to act as Mo Tian Xing"s successor. The one who had the greatest chance to reach this class was naturally Mo Ya who had displayed an outstanding training talent since he was young. The Black Emperor Sect had used an uncountable amount of spiritual medicines on the latter during these many years. Only through their liberal usage of spirituale medicines did they manage to allow Mo Ya to become an expert Dou Huang before he was thirty. However simply...
Chapter 848: Old Man Ying Shan
"Old Ying Shan..."
Xiao Yan slowly inhaled a breath of air as his mouth softly emitted these words. The fists under his sleeves suddenly clenched. It was unexpected that he was unable to move the Black Emperor Sect despite having taken out a medicinal pill at the tier of the Zong Breaking Pill.
"It seems that the item that that person took out is even more valuable than your Zong Breaking Pill." The Little Fairy Doctor by his side whispered with some surprise. It was unexpected that this inconspicuous old fellow would actually be able to take out something of this level.
Xiao Yan faintly nodded. Under the black robe his gaze contained joy as it slowly shot toward the eagle-nosed old man. He frowned. Old Ying Shan? Was this the person"s title within the "Black-Corner Region"? It was likely that he was an expert of the older generation. Otherwise it was not possible for Xiao Yan to not have heard of him.
The silence within the large hall continued for a moment before a crushing uproar suddenly appeared. Countless numbers of stunned gazes looked at the gray-haired...
Chapter 849: Meeting
Xiao Yan"s hand gently pulled on the black-colored Doupeng. His gaze gently swept over the dry smile on Mo Tian Xing"s face. His tone was calm as he asked "Sect leader Mo didn"t you look down on the Zong Breaking Pill?"
Mo Tian Xing could not help but awkwardly smile when he heard this. He knew that Xiao Yan still bore a grudge toward him regarding that matter in the auction ground. With a bitter smile he said "Mister Yan Xiao the old me is also helpless in this manner. Such a matter is usually discussed with the Elders in the sect. They insisted that the thing that Old Ying Shan provided is more suitable for our Black Emperor Sect. The old me cannot just insist on my own way."
Xiao Yan was noncommittal with regards to Mo Tian Xing"s excuse. With the latter"s position within the Black Emperor Sect he had basically reached the stage where his words were law. Even all the Elders" rights to speak could not be compared with his. Hence these words of his did not have the slightest form of trust.
Of course regardless of whether Xiao Yan believed his excuse there was no reason he needed to get entangled with this matter. It was naturally not a problem for Mo Tian Xing to be interested in the Zong Breaking Pill. He did not have the slightest objection...
Chapter 850: Discussion
Everyone in the hall was stunned when they saw the familiar face that was filled with a helpless expression. Immediately numerous cries of disbelief were emitted from Xiao Li First Elder Su Qian and a couple of others.
"Third brother?"
"Xiao Yan?"
Xiao Yan removed the black Doupeng completely from his head and stored it into his Storage Ring. His shrugged his shoulders toward Xiao Li"s group whose faces were filled with disbelief. He smiled and said "Why? Don"t you recognise me?"
Xiao Li"s group slowly recovered from their shock after hearing this familiar voice. Joy instantly surged onto their faces. Xiao Li took strode over and violently patted Xiao Yan"s shoulders before laughing with a face filled with smiles "It is unexpected that the mysterious tier 6 alchemist is actually you. You really caused us to worry."
A warmth also surged in Xiao Yan"s heart as he looked at Xiao Li whose face was filled with joy. He softly laughed "The situation in the Black Emperor City is not quite right. Moreover I"m worried that those fellows from the Demon Flame Valley would recognize me. Hence I have hidden my shape and...
Chapter 851: Deliberating a Plan
Xiao Yan"s words sort of startled Xiao Li and Su Qian but their faces did not reveal any surprise. They had already guessed a little of the reason for Xiao Yan"s trip.
"You are also interested in that thing?" Su Qian mused for a moment. His finger was gently tapping on the table"s surface as he slowly said.
"This friend of mine needs that thing to save her life..." Xiao Yan sighed.
Su Qian and Xiao Li were startled when they heard this. They immediately glanced at the Little Fairy Doctor by his side. They both frowned and said "Can you tell us what is happening?"
Xiao Yan hesitated a little. His eyes swept over to the Little Fairy Doctor. Only after seeing the latter nod her head did he roughly mention the Little Fairy Doctor"s situation. He naturally did not hide the matter of the "Woeful Poison Body" while he spoke.
"Woeful Poison Body?"
Xiao Li was still alright after hearing the name that had come from Xiao Yan"s mouth. Su Qian however had gently inhaled a breath of cold air. His eyes were shocked as he looked at the Little Fairy Doctor who was biting her lower red lip with the back of her teeth. He had heard about this kind extremely rare...
Chapter 852: Splitting a Corpse
Xiao Yan smiled as he quickly looked over the Magical Beast corpse that had appeared in the room. His body moved and he leaped down from the bed. After which he slowly walked to the side of the corpse. His eyes slowly took in the sight before him.
Due to this Magical Beast corpse having been dead for a long time the flesh on its entire body had dried and shrunk together. Therefore Xiao Yan was unable to identify just what Magical Beast it was from its outer appearance. However Xiao Yan did not have much interest in the body of this Magical Beast. His only interest were the jade-like bone wings of this Magical Beast since they could help him refine a pair of high quality Sky Bird Nine Flying Wings.
Xiao Yan shifted his feet and stopped when he was next to the jade-like bone wings which were twenty to thirty feet wide. His hand gently rubbed the bone wings. An frigid feeling could be felt from his hand. However this icy-cool feeling contained a faint warmth. It was difficult to imagine that this dried corpse that had been dead for an unknown number of years would still be able...
Chapter 853: Green-Red Blood
"You know what"s valuable in this dried corpse right?"
The heat in Xiao Yan"s eyes was slowly withdrawn as he suddenly stared at Zi Yan beside the table. He spoke in a somewhat fervent manner. If not because of this girl"s prodding it was likely that he would never have found out that this claw would reveal such a mysterious scene after being grilled by the "Heavenly Flame".
Xiao Yan glanced at this green-red spike that was exceptionally sharp despite its small size. He grabbed it and gently pulled it across the surface of the table. Immediately the hard table that was made from solid wood broke apart like beancurd. The point where it broke apart was as smooth as a mirror.
"What a sharp bone spike..." The sharpness of this thing caused Xiao Yan to gently inhale a breath of cool air. Almost instantly the gaze he used to look at Zi Yan became an ardent one. Since this girl knew the method to resolve the secret of this claw it was likely that she was also aware of other things right?
Zi Yan merely lifted her exquisite chin in a proud manner in the face of Xiao Yan"s gaze. She said...
Chapter 854: Rank 7 Monster Core
Xiao Yan"s eyes were heated as he looked over the enormous Magical Beast"s rotten skin and its shriveled head. Although this thing seemed no different than a pile of garbage Xiao Yan already knew from his refinements earlier that this mysterious Magical Beast corpse was different than an ordinary Magical Beast. All of its treasures were hidden in places where an ordinary person would have difficulty finding unless they used an unusual method.
Xiao Yan waved his sleeves and a soft wind blew the Magical Beast"s skin until it floated in the air. He flicked his finger and a jade-green flame spluttered from his fingertip. Finally it turned into a fierce flame that burned beneath the floating skin.
The enormous skin began to slowly shrink under the grilling of the jade-green flame. However the expected Monster Core did not appear.
Xiao Yan slowly frowned when he saw this. After being scorched by the "Heavenly Flame" this Magical Beast"s skin began to reveal something a little different. Despite the latter"s weakened form it was actually...
Chapter 855: Heart Flame Seed
Xiao Yan gently inhaled a breath of air as he studied the green-red crystal body that was suspended in the air. It was a long while later before he suppressed the excitement in his heart. His hand slightly curled and a gentle suction force erupted from it.
The Monster Core that faintly emitted a frightening energy fluctuation did not resist this gentle force. Instead it smoothly rushed down from above before remaining suspended at a spot that was two inches from Xiao Yan"s hand.
The slightly flickering green-red fire illuminated Xiao Yan"s face reflecting an unusually evil luster.
Zi Yan suddenly pulled at Xiao Yan"s sleeve just as he became absent-minded because of this Monster Core abruptly waking him up from his absent-minded state.
Xiao Yan who had recovered instantly shifted his eyes away from this green-red Monster Core. He immediately exhaled a deep breath. Shock flashed across his eyes. This damn thing was filled with a kind of bewitchment both inside and out. He did not know just what kind of frightening unique beast it was before it died.
With a flick of Xiao Yan"s hand an emerald-colored jade box appeared in his hand. He...
Chapter 856: Tailing
By the time Xiao Yan and Xiao Li had rushed to the hall quite a number of people were already present. Even the Little Fairy Doctor and Zi Yan were among the people already there.
Su Qian quietly sat in the hall. He involuntarily smiled when he saw Xiao Yan and Xiao Li entering. A female servant with sharp eyes and quick hands respectfully placed two empty chairs in the leader"s position.
Xiao Yan and Xiao Li slowly walked into the hall and unceremoniously sat in those chairs. Only then did they smile. One asked Su Qian "First Elder is there news of Old Ying Shan?"
Su Qian nodded slightly and slowly replied "According to the information that was received earlier it seemed that Old Ying Shan has already left the city. However there is something strange. This old fellow did not do anything to hide his trace. Instead he walked out of the eastern gate where the greatest number of people are. Currently it is likely that quite a number of factions within the Black Emperor City have already received this information."
Xiao Yan involuntarily frowned when he heard this. What was...
Chapter 857: Probe
The forest shrouded by a strange atmosphere suddenly stiffened. And the reason why the atmosphere stiffened was because of the ten plus shadow faced figures that appeared behind everyone. They slowly walked out and the vicious aura that leaked out of their body made them realize that these people were savage characters willing to go to their death for money.
The large group of people who had been following behind Old Ying Shan slowed their footsteps and came to a stop in the face of these ten plus human figures who had suddenly appeared. Their gazes immediately contained various emotions as they looked at the back of these ten plus people. In this kind of strange atmosphere the little rational thought that remained in these people after being seared by greed would be completely incinerated should someone spur them on.
These ten plus shadowy-faced human figures appeared to be a small group. However the strength of this group was not weak. The leader a man with somewhat pale-white hair was clearly an expert Dou Wang. The remaining people were also not ordinary...
Chapter 858: Spiritual Avatar
Under the probing of Xiao Yan"s Spiritual Perception he could see that under the gray robe there was the absence of the raging Dou Qi that formed like the others. Instead it was covered by an illusory aura. This kind of aura was not foreign to Xiao Yan because it was Spiritual Strength!
In other words the Old Ying Shan in the mountain forest below was not his actual body. Instead it was an avatar agglomerated from his soul!
"No wonder this old fellow would leave the city in such a high profile manner. It was actually a fake spiritual body. Now the actual Old Ying Shan might have long since taken the Bodhisattva Body Transformation Saliva and left the Black Emperor City." This thought rushed through Xiao Yan"s heart in a lightning-like manner. His expression gradually turned dark and solemn. Everyone here seemed to have been played by this old fellow.
Although Xiao Yan did not know how Old Ying Shan was actually able to use his spirit to form such a powerful fake body a fake was ultimately a fake. Under the probing of Xiao Yan"s Spiritual Perception the latter had already been completely exposed to Xiao Yan"s eyes. However... it was a little...
Chapter 859: It Is Really Yo
The sudden laugh instantly caused everyone"s expressions to change. Their gazes immediately turned in the direction where the laughter originated. They could see three human figures had suddenly appeared on a tall tree outside of the col. The person at the front who was wearing a black robe was Xiao Yan.
Old Ying Shan and Mo Tian Xing were slightly startled when their eyes saw Xiao Yan"s group. Their expressions immediately revealed quite a great change. A moment later Mo Tian Xing finally laughed and said "It"s actually mister Yan Xiao. It is unexpected that even you have seen through this old demon Ying"s trick."
Xiao Yan vaguely smiled. His gaze gained a deeper meaning as it looked at Mo Tian Xing. He laughed and said "It is unexpected that sect leader Mo is also here. This really surprises me."
Mo Tian Xing"s expression became somewhat unnatural when he heard Xiao Yan"s words that seemed to indicate something. They were the people who held the auction. Yet they ended up quietly attacking the customers who had bought the item. If this news were to spread it would not be considered a good thing for the Black Emperor Sect. Although the most important...
Chapter 860: Fellow Disciples Meeting Again
The face that appeared in front of Xiao Yan was not an unfamiliar one. Back then it was he who had personally ended that person"s life. This person was the first disciple of Yao Lao Xiao Yan"s senior and the Pill Emperor in the "Black-Corner Region" back then Han Feng!
The current Han Feng clearly appeared a little older compared to back then. His eyes which were glaring at Xiao Yan was filled with a thick savageness. If not for Xiao Yan back then he could have continued to dominate this "Black-Corner Region". In the end everything had completely collapsed because of Xiao Yan. Not only did he lose his greatly sought after position but he also ended up with a miserable fate of having his spirit parted with his physical body. If he hadn"t controlled a "Heavenly Flame" like the "Sea Heart Flame" nor wisely found an opportunity to gift it to a zun-zhe in the "Hall of Souls" it was likely that he would have long since been taken by the "Hall of Souls" to be refined. How would he be able to live until now?
However it was fortunate that that zun-zhe from the "Hall of Souls" had specifically dispatched someone...
Chapter 861: Five Great Dou Zong
An old white-haired human figure was smiling and looking down at everyone below while remaining suspended in the sky. From his appearance it was surprisingly First Elder Su Qian from the Inner Academy.
"Ke ke so the fun show is actually here. The old me nearly missed it." Su Qian smiled descended from the sky. He stopped beside Xiao Yan"s group. Surprise flashed in his eyes as he looked at Han Feng. "It is unexpected that you are not dead and have also broken through to the Dou Zong class. This is really surprising."
"This is also all thanks to all of you." Han Feng"s expression was dark and cold. His heart slightly sank. The sudden appearance of Su Qian had caught him somewhat off guard. He was clearly aware of the other party"s strength. Although he was currently no longer afraid of Su Qian in a one-on-one fight the other party also had a mysterious Dou Zong woman of unknown origin. If these two elite Dou Zongs joined hands even the many people from the Demon Flame Valley would find it quite difficult to resist them...
Moreover the other party still had the existence of Xiao Yan. Han Feng might possess...
Chapter 862: Situational Change
Xiao Yan was momentarily unable to recover as he stared at the jade box that had landed in his hand. He had randomly moved earlier and did not expect this thing to land in his hand so easily...
After being absent-minded for a moment Xiao Yan swiftly recovered and opened the jade box in a lightning-like manner. Immediately he saw the slowly wiggling emerald-colored Bodhisattva Body Transformation Saliva which was suspended within the jade box.
"It is actually real?" Xiao Yan"s gaze was dull as he stared at the Bodhisattva Body Transformation Saliva. Other than Old Ying Shan the faces of almost everyone stiffened. No one had expected Old Ying Shan to actually hand over the thing this easily given his character. However the truth that had appeared in front of them caused the faces of quite a number of people to become fiery hot.
"Hei serves you right. Now that the thing is not with the old me I shall see just who dares to block me." Old Ying Shan merely mocked with a cold laugh when he saw everyone"s dull expressions.
"Dammit you old fellow who will not die. That Bodhisattva Body Transformation Saliva clearly has the seal that I had placed!"...
Chapter 863: A Big Battle Begins
Han Feng"s cold cry filled with killing intent broke the stiff atmosphere of this region. The experts from the Demon Flame Valley and Black Emperor Sect unleashed their soul-stirring killing intent at this moment. Their gazes were dark as they glared at Xiao Yan"s group. Moreover both parties even took the opportunity to separate a portion of their experts to head off the experts from "Xiao Gate" and the Jia Nan Academy who had appeared in the sky.
The experts from the Demon Flame Valley and the Black Emperor Sect that remained this time around were the core strength within their factions. Their individual strengths were all quite great. If one were to talk about the situation in this place it appeared that they were a little stronger than "Xiao Gate" and the Jia Nan Academy experts. Hence despite having dispatched some experts to deal with Xiao Li"s group the number of experts who remained still far exceeded that of Xiao Yan"s four people group. Moreover all of their auras were great and drawn out. Clearly they were the elites among the group.
Few words were exchanged when the group that had gone to block Xiao Li"s group collided with the latter before...
Chapter 864: Life Transforming Flame
The grayish-brown flame remained suspended above Xiao Yan"s head. It appeared like a grayish sun that repeatedly emitted a frighteningly high temperature that caused the air to distort. This kind of temperature was already very close to the Green Lotus Core Flame that Xiao Yan had obtained back then...
Of course this flame was merely close to it. A "Heavenly Flame" was a completely unique thing in this world. Nothing could replicate it. This point was something that Xiao Yan was clearly aware of in his heart. Although this so-called "Flame Creation Skill" was mysterious it was far from the level of being able to create a "Heavenly Flame." At its very best it could only achieve something that was very close to that of a "Heavenly Flame". Always and forever... it would never be able to surpass the later!
Although Xiao Yan was thinking in this manner Fang Yan and the two Elders from the Demon Flame Valley clearly did not think the same way. They were filled with a great confidence by this grayish-brown flame formed from the merger of Dou Qi from their bodies. During these years the "Fake Heavenly Flame" that they had formed had caused quite a number...
Chapter 865: Capturing
An enormous grayish-brown fire bird flapped its wings as it floated in the azure sky. Hot waves radiated from its body causing the space in the sky to become distorted. The surrounding space would emit a slight ripple each time this so-called "Star Fire Phoenix" flapped its wings. Hot wild wind whizzed around this place causing one"s head to be filled with perspiration as though one was in a desert...
The faces of Fang Yan"s group had clearly turned much paler after this enormous grayish-brown fire bird appeared. Moreover their auras swiftly became sluggish. Clearly they had already consumed most of their strength in order to agglomerate the form of this "Star Fire Phoenix" that possessed a great amount of destructive strength.
Although Fang Yan"s face was pale the viciousness between his brows became denser. He laughed at Xiao Yan in the middle in a strange manner "Chief Xiao. How is this "Star Fire Phoenix of ours? Can it be compared with your "Heavenly Flame"?"
Xiao Yan"s gaze glanced at the old face covered with a vicious hatred. The corner of his mouth was curled slightly as he nonchalantly asked "Is this your ultimate killing move?"
The corner of First Elder Fang Yan"s eyes twitched when he heard the relaxed tone...
Chapter 866: Kill
The three gazes from Fang Yan"s group were dull as they looked at the blood-colored flame that was being trapped within that deep-green fire barrier. Their hearts stiffened when they heard Xiao Yan"s mocking words and an unusually bright-redness surged onto their faces. With a "grug" sound three mouthfuls of fresh blood were spat out violently at the same time.
That Sky Fire Phoenix was agglomerated from most of the Dou Qi that belonged to Fang Yan and the other two Elders. Moreover due to it possessing their essence blood the three of them possessed a slight connection with the fire phoenix. However the moment the deep-green flame barrier was formed the thread of connection disappeared from the hearts of the three of them...
Of course the thing that disappeared along with this connection was the pure Dou Qi that Fang Yan and the other two had practiced for so many years to obtain... this disappearance of Dou Qi meant that the strength of Fang Yan and the other two would miserably decline. The result of this...
Their mouths panted while some whiteness appeared in Fang Yan"s red-colored hair at this moment. His originally old face appeared even older....
Chapter 867: Wrathful and Uncontrollable Zi Yan
Xiao Yan softly exhaled as his gaze coldly glanced at Fang Yan who was swiftly losing his life. The former beckoned with his hand and the storage ring on the latter"s finger was removed before ultimately landing in Xiao Yan"s hands.
Fang Yan had already died. Hence the spiritual imprint that had been placed on the storage ring had disappeared along with him. Xiao Yan"s Spiritual Strength was unobstructed as it entered that storage ring. He flipped through it before a flame-like scroll appeared in his hand. He glanced over the scroll which had three large glaring words "Flame Creation Skill".
Xiao Yan sighed in relief only after seeing this "Flame Creation Skill" landing in his hand. He randomly tossed Fang Yan"s cooling corpse onto the ground before storing the scroll into his Storage Ring.
After the earlier battle the interest Xiao Yan had in this so-called "Flame Creation Skill" had increased. The name of this Dou Technique was nothing special. In fact it was a little too dull and common. Xiao Yan had seen some Dou Technique"s that possessed a similar name in the past. However if one were to compare their benefits...
Chapter 868: Frighten Off
"Bang!"
Two human figures suddenly crossed each other in the sky. A low thunder-like explosion sounded in the sky as a fist and leg made contact.
The figures made momentary contact before they swiftly flashed and retreated. The footsteps of one person was somewhat chaotic. Clearly he had suffered a small loss from that ferocious collision.
"Hee hee First Elder Su Qian. Do you really treat me like the Han Feng from back then?" Han Feng"s feet landed in the empty air as he stabilized his body. He coldly laughed at Su Qian who was staggering not far away.
"It is unexpected that your strength has actually been raised this much during these few years. However this little tactic is likely insufficient if you wish to defeat the old me!" Su Qian might have fell into a slight disadvantage but he did not lose himself as he replied in a faint voice.
"Old fellow I was merely playing with you. Do you really think that I only possess these little tactics? If I had not lost my "Sea Heart Flame" killing you would not require much effort!" Han Feng shook his...
Chapter 869: Leave
Xiao Yan smiled after watching Mo Tian Xing slowly withdraw. However the "Angry Buddha Lotus Flame" in his hand did not show the slightest sign of scattering. Instead under the stimulation of the Dou Qi within his body it turned a darker green. Moreover the Little Fairy Doctor had also taken the opportunity to appear beside Xiao Yan protecting him. Her clear cold gaze was locked onto the withdrawing Mo Tian Xing. The words of these old foxes did not possess any thing to trust.
However Mo Tian Xing did not dare to play any tricks in front of Xiao Yan"s groups menacing gazes. He obediently withdrew some distance before sweeping his gaze around the sky. His expression involuntarily changed after failing to discover any traces of Mo Ya and Qi Shan. Immediately his gaze hurriedly swept all around. His body moved a moment later transforming into a ray of light as he rushed over to the spot where Mo Ya had landed earlier. Around two minutes later Mo Tian Xing held a miserable human figure who possessed a weary breath. He slowly ascended into the air.
"He he this little girl really does not know how to hold back. However I already had...
Chapter 870: Turn of Events
Lush-green tree branches interwove above sprouting from the tall trees that populated the forest. They appeared like an enormous spider web that covered the sky. Under the cover of these large trees even sunlight had difficulty breaking through.
A light ray passed through the gaps between the dense trees. It transformed into half a foot wide light pillar as it shot down. It shined on a large group of human figures who were resting with their legs crossed.
There were around fifteen to sixteen human figures in this group. All of them had rich powerful auras and were clearly not weaklings. A couple of people among them even had obscure auras making it difficult to detect their actual strengths. However from the degree of respect on the faces of the people around it was clear that these people were the core of this group.
"Bang!"
A couple of muffled sounds suddenly appeared in the distant quiet forest. Immediately the sounds of physical flesh falling to the ground followed. One seemed to be able to hear...
Chapter 871: Eliminating The Hidden Danger
The old figure stiffened for an instant before swiftly recovering. Without turning around he continued toward the dark forest.
"Chi!"
The old figure had just entered the gloomy forest when a sharp cold glint suddenly flashed and appeared. It carried a dense wind that caused one"s hairs to stand as it trickily and viciously shot toward his throat.
The sudden attack caught the old human figure somewhat off guard. However it was fortunate that the figures strength was not weak. Immediately a low cry was emitted from his mouth and the space in front of him suddenly became distorted. The cold glint"s path was altered because of the distorted air causing it to fly past his shoulder.
"Who is it?" The old human figure cried out furiously after dodging the attack. He waved his shriveled hand before suddenly clenching it. Immediately a couple of partially visible energy arcs violently grabbed at a certain spot in the dark forest.
"Crack!"
Five sharp winds shot out of the old human figure"s hand-claw. They blasted apart a couple of enormous trees that were as thick as one"s thigh causing sawdust to scatter in all directions.
The old human figure"s face changed after his attack failed to hit his target. He was just...
Chapter 872: Reaching Peace Town
A quiet small town was located on the intersection between the "Black-Corner Region" and the Jia Nan Academy. The sunlight from the sky scattered down and lit up the horizontal inscription on the board that hung above the entrance of the small town. Three somewhat ordinary words that did not have any murderous aura appeared under the sunlight allowing one to feel calm.
"Peace Town!"
The hearts of Xiao Yan"s group appeared to have released a large rock as they ascended a hill and looked down on the small town below. A long breath was slowly exhaled from his mouth before gradually turning into nothingness. This journey was really somewhat tortuous.
"Let"s go there will no longer be anyone giving chase after we enter Peace Town... the Jia Nan Academy has already received the message and there are quite a number of experts in the small town prepared to receive us." Su Qian"s gaze was slowly withdrawn from the small town as he spoke with a smile.
Xiao Yan gently nodded. He turned his head slightly to look back. There were still human figures drifting not far behind as numerous...
Chapter 873: Xin Lan
There was still quite some distance between the Jia Nan Academy and Peace Town. Hence by the time Xiao Yan"s group had arrived it was already noon time. Xiao Yan did not stay for too long in the Outer Academy. He only paused for a moment before hurrying without stopping to the Inner Academy of the Jia Nan Academy which sat in the deep mountains behind.
With the speed of Xiao Yan"s group they passed through the vast deep mountains that appeared quite dangerous in their eyes back then within just half an hour. When that extremely familiar mountain stream appeared within Xiao Yan"s sight he knew in his heart that he had arrived at the Inner Academy.
Under Su Qian lead the group entered the Inner Academy which was covered by that distorted space without any obstruction.
After they passed through the silver main gate a vast lush-green forest appeared in front of their eyes. Xiao Yan"s heart felt somewhat moved and he felt nostalgic. Back then he had entered the Inner Academy from this place. That so called "Fire Energy Hunting Competition" had also allowed him this newbie to gain some reputation within the Inner Academy.
"Ke ke...
Chapter 874: Meeting
Xiao Yan looked at the blue-clothed woman whose cold gaze was locked on him. After which he turned his head and looked at the many gazes around him. He involuntarily became a little embarrassed. Immediately he let out a dry cough and laughed "If you had been more precise with your control of the flame when you had refined the medicinal pill and had lengthened the time that you use to form the pill the quality of this Sky Qi Pill would have been a little better. Therefore I could not help but say that it"s a pity."
The surrounding people involuntarily turned into an uproar when they saw that Xiao Yan had taught this blue-clothed lady a lesson in such an unceremonious manner. They gaze were immediately stunned as they looked at this bold fellow. The number of people who were qualified to give the latter an opinion did not exceed five. Moreover these five were mostly the Elders from the Alchemy Department. This black-robed man who appeared quite young clearly was not among them.
The blue-clothed lady on the platform was also stunned because of Xiao Yan"s words. Although she...
Chapter 875: Method
Everyone sat in different seats within the hall as Xiao Yan smiled and looked at the two people across from him. He had seen Wu Hao once in the "Black-Corner Region" and he had not changed much. Hu Jia however had transformed from the little witch of the past to a refreshingly capable appearance. Her short hair caused her to lack the delicate feeling of a woman. Instead it gave her a heroic aura. Everyone had undergone varying degrees of change during these two years.
After having been separated for a long time it was naturally unavoidable that they engaged in a lively conversation. The smile on Wu Hao"s face had never been reduced during their chat. He had always held respect for Xiao Yan in his heart. This respect had already been faintly present since Xiao Yan had defeated Hu Jia Bai Shan and him without help during the Outer Academy"s examination. This respect greatly increased in the days that followed.
Hu Jia on the other hand was different from him. Her words were forthright and she did not hide her displeasure with Xiao Yan being an owner who threw everything to...
Chapter 876: News of a Heavenly Flame
"Finding another "Heavenly Flame?""
Su Qian was immediately startled when he heard Xiao Yan"s words within the Meeting Room. His face was stunned. He was naturally aware of the rarity of a "Heavenly Flame." Had it not been by chance and the reliance on the strength of the headmaster it would naturally would have been impossible for the Jia Nan Academy to find the "Fallen Heart Flame" and seal it within the Inner Academy.
Xiao Yan expression became increasing solemn as he studied Su Qian"s stunned face. He said in a deep voice "That"s right perhaps First Elder should also be aware that the Qi Method that I practice is able to obtain some strength from the "Heavenly Flame." Therefore if I am able to obtain a kind of "Heavenly Flame" I should be able to rely on the wonder of the "Heavenly Flame" to completely resolve this "Demon Poison Spot.""
""Heavenly Flame..." it is easier said than done when it comes to obtaining this thing... the attraction of the "Heavenly Flame" in the Dou Qi continent is even greater than the so-called Bodhisattva Body Transformation Saliva. Basically if some rumors were to spread it would invite a countless number of experts to look into it. Moreover the "Heavenly Flames" that exist...
Chapter 877: Nine Dragon Lightning Flame
Xiao Yan looked at the lady who did not dare to move even a little after having her neck grabbed by him and was startled. This was because this lady was the "Pan"s Gate"s" alchemist whom he had met earlier Xin Lan.
At this moment Xin Lan did not dare to make any unusual movements due to her neck being gripped by Xiao Yan. This was especially the case when she had sensed the genuine killing intent that filled his eyes. Her pretty face was mixed with a thread of moving paleness while her eyes stared intently at Xiao Yan.
"Why is it you?" Xiao Yan frowned slightly after identifying the lady. He questioned in a deep voice "You were eavesdropping on us?"
"It is actually you little girl? What farce is this! This place is an important one in the Inner Academy how can you just randomly budge in?" Su Qian by the side reprimanded. His expression sank slightly after the shock from earlier dissipated.
Xin Lan gently bit her lips in the face of Su Qian"s reprimand. She said "Grandpa Su Xin Lan has only barged in unintentionally."
"Is First Elder acquainted with her?" Xiao Yan was involuntarily stunned when...
Chapter 878: Three Thousand Burning Flame
Xin Lan smiled slightly when she heard Xiao Yan"s words. She immediately took a gentle breath arranged her thoughts and finally said "Actually the clue regarding this "Heavenly Flame" that I mentioned is related to the Pill Tower. My clan once held an Elder Seat in the Pill Tower. Hence I am also aware of some information related to it."
"The Pill Tower again?" Xiao Yan frowned slightly upon hearing this. If the "Heavenly Flame" was in the hands of the Pill Tower how could he possibly snatch it? The Pill Tower was not the Jia Nan Academy. It would definitely not allow a "Heavenly Flame" fall into the hands of someone else. Xiao Yan might not be aware of the exact strength of the Burning Flame Valley but after some vague guess he at least knew that the Burning Flame Valley was not as strong as the Pill Tower. Therefore would he not have to choose to offend the even stronger Pill Tower? If this were the case he would rather just place his intention on the Burning Flame Valley. Things would be a little easier that way.
"You need not be worried about this. The Nine Dragon Lightning Flame might be a heirloom of the Burning Flame Valley and could be considered an owned object. However the...
Chapter 879: Refine
Xin Lan finally placed down the large rock that was pressing on her heart after seeing Xiao Yan nod his head. A smile that originated from her heart surfaced on her face. She endured the excitement in her heart as she laughed "In that case I hope that we will have a joyful cooperation."
Xiao Yan smiled. Honestly speaking the excitement in his heart was not much weaker than Xin Lan"s feelings. He had finally found a clue about another "Heavenly Flame" after such a long time. Although there was still a great gap to reach the "Three Thousand Burning Flame" at the very least the current Xiao Yan had a target. He need not randomly look all over the place like he did in the past.
"When will we leave? There is quite a long distance from the Jia Nan Academy to the Central Plains..." Xin Lan raised her pair of large transparent eyes and inquired somewhat anxiously.
"Allow me to settle the issue of the Burning Sky Qi Refining Tower in the Inner Academy first..." Xiao Yan smiled as he replied. Although he was extremely anxious in his heart to head to the Central...
Chapter 880: Unexpected Reward
Following the determination in Xiao Yan"s heart the struggle within his eyes disappeared. He inhaled a deep breath as his gaze focused intently on the jade bone wings suspended in front of him. His fists gradually tightened as a ferocious expression appeared on his face.
"I don"t believe that I cannot deal with a pair of bone wings!"
Xiao Yan violently clenched his teeth. He beckoned with his hand and the jade bone wings fell. Finally they paused around half-a-foot in front of him.
The seal formed by Xiao Yan"s hand moved as his eyes once again glanced over the bone wings. After which he gently shut his eyes and a powerful Spiritual Strength slowly spread out from between his brows. Eventually the Spiritual Strength gathered together and carefully surrounded the bone wings.
"Bang!"
A low deep muffled sound immediately exploded within Xiao Yan"s mind the moment his Spiritual Strength made contact with the jade bone wings. His mind was at a loss and the world in front of him drastically changed.
Xiao Yan was in a dusky world void of any life. His spirit was suspended high in the sky. He frowned as...
Chapter 881: Overbearing Bone Wings
Xiao Yan"s tightly shut eyes were slowly opened within a room. A glint flashed in his dark-black eyes before swiftly disappearing.
A mouthful of turbid air followed Xiao Yan"s throat as it was slowly exhaled. At this moment Xiao Yan not only did not show any appearance of fatigue even after a big spiritual battle but he had also strengthened his Spiritual Strength due to him having swallowed a lot of the remnant aura. His originally somewhat tired body was once again filled with energy.
Xiao Yan"s eyes slowly slide to the jade bone wings suspended in front of him after having opened them. After the refinement earlier they seemed to appear even more crystal clear. Moreover the fierce aura that had vaguely seeped out of them earlier had become much fainter. Clearly the effects of the refinement were beneficial.
The jade bone wings drifted down as Xiao Yan beckoned with his hand. He grabbed them and an icy-cold feeling that contained a hint of jade-like warmth was felt where Xiao Yan"s hand made contact with it leaving him with an extremely comfortable feeling.
Xiao Yan"s hands held the jade bone wings and...
Chapter 882: Once And For All
The bone wings were gently flapped. The sound they carried was like muffled lightning with a wild whistling. After sensing the energy that was contained within the bone wings Xiao Yan stored them away while feeling pleased.
The bone wings swiftly shrank amid a slight glow. Finally they transformed into two fine lines that shot into Xiao Yan"s body and disappeared.
After the bone wings entered his body Xiao Yan sensed them before involuntarily letting out a slight smile. The Gold Geese Sect did not rely on luck in order to become the overlord of their empire. The so-called Sky Bird Nine Flying Wings was indeed mysterious. It was top notch when it came to fleeing for one"s life. If Medusa had not taken advantage of when Luo Yan Tian was fooling around with a woman it was likely that she would not have been able to kill him so easily.
Now that the bone wings had been successfully refined Xiao Yan had also gained an additional guarantee. If he were to meet an expert whom he had difficulty contending with in the future he would at least be able to flee even if he could not beat him. With his current...
Chapter 883: Arrival
The originally relaxed atmosphere of the hall immediately became tense because of that one sentence from Xiao Li. Everyone seated here was very familiar with the "Black-Corner Region." They were clearly aware of just what kind of troublesome person this Old Ground Demon Ghost was.
"I have really underestimated that fellow Han Feng. If I had known earlier I should have gotten him to stay..." A dark solemness flashed across Xiao Yan"s eyes as he slowly spoke.
"Even if Han Feng did not go and inform him about this matter it is likely that it would sooner or later be passed into the Old Ground Demon Ghost"s ears. This old fellow is usually extremely protective of his own. Now that the three great Elders of the Demon Flame Valley have fallen by your hand he would naturally be extremely angry upon hearing the news." Su Qian shook his head. His expression was somewhat solemn. Clearly that so-called Old Ground Demon Ghost increased the pressure on him.
"First Elder what do we do now? Given the Old Ground Demon Ghost"s character of avenging any grudge he will likely turn his anger on the Jia Nan Academy. At that time there will likely be great trouble." An Inner...
Chapter 884: Old Ground Demon Ghost
The thunder-like cry resounded mightily over the Inner Academy. The echo reverberated all around shaking one"s heart as it did.
Human figures suddenly flashed and appeared from all over the Inner Academy not long after this old cry sounded. Immediately numerous human figures appeared in the sky above the area where Xiao Yan was located. The first person was naturally First Elder Su Qian. At this moment his expression was solemn as he studied the direction where the cry originated from. He clenched his fist slightly and muttered "Old Ground Demon Ghost..."
Su Qian slowly lowered his head. He exchanged looks with Xiao Yan and the others below before knitting his brows. It seemed that this trouble had really found them.
Waves of rushing wind sounds suddenly appeared at the edge of the sky not long after that old cry was transmitted from afar. A large group of small black spots appeared in everyone"s sight a moment later. Within a couple of blinks they transformed into a group of people that were filled with a fierce aura that soon paused in the sky above the Inner Academy.
Xiao Yan"s eyes slowly swept over this group of twenty or so human figures. His gaze immediately...
Chapter 885: Fight
Su Qian"s expression changed slightly as he sensed the gradual spread of dense cold killing intent from the Old Ground Demon Ghost"s body. It seemed that this old fellow who would not die would insist on attacking even if he had to risk the return of the headmaster.
"Be careful."
Su Qian turned his head and spoke to Xiao Yan in a deep voice. The strength of the Old Ground Demon Ghost was deep and unpredictable. Even with the Little Fairy Doctor"s help Xiao Yan would have difficulty contending with him. After all within the Dou Zong class the difference between every star was extremely large. It was quite difficult for one to challenge another across different levels. Although Su Qian was understood that Xiao Yan possessed quite a few powerful Dou Skill these Dou Skills merely possessed some deterring effects for an ordinary elite Dou Zong. The Old Ground Demon Ghost was not included. Hence it was really somewhat difficult to predict this big battle...
Xiao Yan nodded slightly. His hand slowly paused on his chest and a viciousness flashed across his eyes. If this old fellow who would not die was really so stubborn he could only give him something that he had prep...
Chapter 886: Fighting The Old Ground Demon Ghost
The ghost claw that contained cold dark-black air swiftly expanded in Xiao Yan"s eyes as numerous exclamations were made. However Xiao Yan"s expression did not change much. The corner of his mouth slowly lifted into a cold smile and the seal that had long been prepared with his hands immediately solidified!
"Bang!"
A pair of ten-foot-wide bone wings suddenly extended from Xiao Yan"s back following a muffled sound. They were flapped immediately. Wild wind and muffled thunder resonated over the ground while Xiao Yan"s body became blurry in an instant.
"Chi!"
The sharp ghost claw flashed over like lightning. After which it struck Xiao Yan"s throat and simply passed through it without reason.
The hand claw had just touched Xiao Yan"s figure when the eyes of the Old Ground Demon Ghost shrank slightly. He let out a cold snort as the cold air in his palm spat out and shook this figure until nothing was left. His body slowly turned as he looked at the sky and spoke in a faint voice "No wonder Fang Yan and the two others have died in your hands. This speed is something that...
Chapter 887: Soul-stirring
The jade-green energy that was visible on Xiao Yan"s hand became more and more glaring. In the end it was just like a palm-sized handprint appearing extremely mysterious.
Upon sensing the enormous energy that was formed on Xiao Yan"s hand surprise flashed across the Old Ground Demon Ghost"s face. With his mere four star Dou Huang strength Xiao Yan was actually able to unleash such a powerful attack that even an expert at the peak of the Dou Huang class would have difficulty reaching. This fellow... was indeed as Han Feng had said. He possessed some Dou Qi with quite a great strength. However if Xiao Yan wanted to win with just this he was undoubtedly daydreaming and was a little too naive...
The light seal on Xiao Yan"s hand finally stilled while the Old Ground Demon Ghost was laughing coldly in his heart. His gaze carried a viciousness as he looked at the latter. With a slight flip of the bone wings on his back Xiao Yan prepared himself to dodge at any moment. His hand also did not pause for even a moment as he let out a cold cry and threw it ruthlessly at the Old Ground...
Chapter 888: Crazy
Although the Little Fairy Doctor felt some doubt in her heart all she did was merely nod her head. She softly said "I will help you buy sufficient time..."
Xiao Yan gently exhaled when he heard this. He stared at the Old Ground Demon Ghost before he flapped his wings and slowly withdrew. His heart had also somewhat rejoiced that he had successfully refined the Sky Bird Nine Flying Wings before this big battle. Otherwise he really did not have the confidence to be able to flee for such a long time under the attacks of the Old Ground Demon Ghost...
The eyes of the Old Ground Demon Ghost turned cold when he saw Xiao Yan move back. He violently swung his sleeves and a dark-black ice awl shot toward Xiao Yan in a lightning-like manner.
"Chi!"
The black-colored ice awl had just been shot out when a dense corrosive grayish-purple Dou Qi shot over and violently collided with it. The ice awl was turned into nothingness amid a wave of "chi chi" sound.
"Your opponent is me..." The Little Fairy Doctor"s tall lovely figure was suspended in the sky. A breeze blew causing her long snow-white hair that extended to her buttocks to slowly dance in the wind. Her emotionless eyes stared at the Old Ground Demon Ghost as she slowly spoke.
The Old Ground Demon Ghost coldly laughed as he frowned. The then turned to the Little Fairy Doctor in front of him "Although I do not know why your strength has suddenly soared by a certain amount...
Chapter 889: Extermination Fire Lotus
"Bang!"
Two vague black figure collided with a bang in the sky. When a soul-stirring energy ripple was emitted two human figures appeared shaken until they hurriedly took a couple of steps back. Both parties emitted a groan...
When the two vague black figures stabilizing their bodies one could finally identify that they were Su Qian and Han Feng who had erupted into an intense big battle earlier. At this moment the clothes of the both of them were tattered after having engaged in a bloody fight. Their hair was scattered all over causing them to appear extremely miserable. However if one were to carefully observe them one would discover that Su Qian"s aura was a little weaker. Clearly he had fell into a little disadvantage during this intense battle with Han Feng...
Su Qian carelessly wiped off the blood trace from the corner of his mouth. His gaze stared intently at Han Feng on the opposite side. A surging Dou Qi lingered around him carrying waves of whistling wind sound. His clothes moved without the presence of any wind emitting a fluttering sound.
"Hee hee First Elder Su...
Chapter 890: Great Destruction
The remaining blood color on Xiao Yan"s face swiftly disappeared after the fire lotus left his hand. He coughed intensely and a thread of fresh blood oozed from the corner of his mouth. Given his current strength he became really weak after merging this so-called "Extermination Fire Lotus." Although he had succeeded in forcefully merging it it had also resulted in quite the backlash from him. If he had not been extremely familiar with the flames it was likely that the first life that this "Extermination Fire Lotus" took would have been his.
Xiao Yan swiftly took out a few medicinal pills from his Storage Ring and stuffed them into his mouth. Only after sensing the swiftly spreading medicinal strength within his body did he sigh in relief. His gaze was immediately focused on the colorful fire lotus that floated through the air.
The colorful fire lotus quietly drew through the sky. No other activity was present other than the long spatial crack line behind it. However it was this silence that caused the Old Ground Demon Ghost"s face to become numb. He clearly understood that he might really end up being killed by the hands of this...
Chapter 891: Qian Bai Two Elders
The two gray-colored human figures had appeared without the slightest forewarning. Xiao Yan had not sensed anything before his eyes saw them. This sudden unexpected change had also caused his changing hand seals to pause a little. He was silent for a moment as his eyes glanced at the large fireball. Finally he involuntarily cried out in a stern voice "Two sirs the fireball is about to explode. Hurry up and leave!"
Having heard the reminder from Xiao Yan"s cry the two gray-robed figures beside the enormous fireball slowly raised their heads. Their old and experienced eyes calmly glanced at Xiao Yan. This random glance caused Xiao Yan to realize that the intensely churning wild and violent medicinal strength within his body had actually calmed down...
Surprise involuntarily surfaced in Xiao Yan"s eyes as he sensed this change within his body. They were able to suppress the revolting medicinal strength within his body from such a great distance. This strength... was it not too unnatural and frightening? Just who were these two mysterious gray-robed experts? Since when did such frightening experts...
Chapter 892: Hope
Xiao Yan and the others were startled when they saw the way the two gray-clothed elders acted. They immediately faced the direction where the elders were looking only to see an empty space. There was not a single human figure or any slight energy ripple.
Although their hearts carried some doubt Xiao Yan and the others were clearly aware that given the strength of these two people it was natural that they would not act senselessly. If they had said such words it was likely that the empty space should possess a secret that was difficult to discover.
"Even after so many years you are still the same hateful old self. This spatial hiding method is useless against the two of us..." Old Qian smiled faintly and gently waved his sleeves. Following the waving of his sleeves Xiao Yan"s group immediately sensed the surrounding space emit an intense fluctuation. A water-wave-like ripple spread out from an elder"s fingertip. In the blink of an eye it completely covered the empty space...
"Bang!"
The ripple gently brushed by like a wave of water. Xiao Yan"s group was surprised to see that the space had actually split and formed a black line in a strange manner....
Chapter 893: Fail
Su Qian seemed to be aware of what Xiao Yan was thinking as he watched his eyes suddenly become fiery hot. He waved his hand toward Xiao Yan and indicated for him to calm down.
"Old Qian please head down to rest for awhile. Old Bai should be back in awhile." Su Qian smiled. He gave Old Qian who was suspended in the sky a suggestion. His gaze swept over the sky. Those experts from the Demon Flame Valley from earlier had also followed Han Feng in fleeing. Hence the sky appeared empty at this moment. The silence was without the soul-stirring big battle from earlier.
Old Qian did not reject Su Qian when he heard this. He nodded slightly before his footsteps gently pressed on the sky and slowly landed on the ground. Su Qian Xiao Yan and the rest followed behind.
The students of the Inner Academy where they had landed had already been scattered by the Elders. Xiao Li and the rest who had been waiting by the side swiftly came forward. Their anxious eyes swept over Xiao Yan before they hurriedly asked "Are you alright?"
"I"m fine. Second brother this in Old Qian from the Inner Academy. Fortunately he intervened earlier. Otherwise...
Chapter 894: Five Star Dou Huang
Old Qian and Old Bai did not remain in the Inner Academy for long before they quietly disappeared just like they had appeared. In regards to their disappearance Xiao Yan and the others did not feel any other emotion other than speechless. An expert must have the style of an expert.
Xiao Yan examined the corpse of the Old Ground Demon Ghost the two had left behind only to be surprised to discover that there was not the slightest spiritual trace. It was likely that this old fellow"s soul had been destroyed by Old Bai. Some cold sweat formed on his forehead after learning this. He did not know just what kind of grudge Old Bai had with this fellow to cause him to be this ruthless.
Of course Xiao Yan would not feel any pity for this old fellow. If Old Qian and Old Bai did not reveal themselves this time around it was likely that the entire Inner Academy would become a wasteland under his frightening "Extermination Fire Lotus." At that time he would become a sinner of the Jia Nan Academy.
Xiao Yan did not destroy the ice-cold corpse of the...
Chapter 895: Training Venue
The gentle light landed on Xiao Yan"s repeatedly changing face in the room. A cluster of grayish-brown flames slowly rose in front of him emitting a hot temperature.
This silence continued for a moment before Xiao Yan finally exhaled. He beckoned with his hand and the grayish-brown-colored "Life Transforming Flame" landed in his hand. A bitter laugh sounded as he looked at the flame. Finally he widened his mouth and once again sucked the flame into his body.
Xiao Yan"s heart ultimately contained the greatest fear for the so-called Central Plains. This place that gathered the top experts from the Dou Qi continent was the grandest stage on the entire continent. The strong there were as numerous as the clouds. If one did not have some ability one would only become other people"s stepping stone if one wanted to do well in that place. Although Xiao Yan had currently advanced to a five star Dou Huang and could enter the level of the experts he clearly understood that this strength would be considered nothing in the Central Plains. If this were the case he must have some trump cards...
Chapter 896: Entering The Bottom of the Tower Again
In an extremely bright study a thread of moonlight shot onto the table through the bright and clean window. A table manufactured from cork tree emitted a faint wooden fragrance. On it was a flower vase made of glass where two to three stalks of flowers rested. The flowers still carried the morning dew. Two to three inkstones were placed around the table. Such treasured calligraphy was always well-liked by important people.
"You wish to enter the bottom of the Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower?" Su Qian"s hand movement immediately paused when he heard Xiao Yan"s request. He raised his head and revealed a stunned face.
Su Qian also had some brief contact with the world at the bottom of the tower. That place was basically void of life. A place where hot magma randomly flowed emitting various sulfur smells. Even the energy there was filled with wild violence. An ordinary person could not escape from such an environment fast enough. Who would have expected Xiao Yan to take the initiative to request to enter it? It was unavoidable that Su Qian would lose himself in such a manner.
Xiao Yan smiled in an embarrassed...
Chapter 897: Summoning
Hot wild wind whistled past Xiao Yan"s ears as his body fell down the hole. As he approached the underground magma world the surrounding air also became much hotter.
A faint jade-green flame flowed from Xiao Yan"s body isolating the high temperature of the outside world. His gaze stared at the pure-red color below and he gently inhaled a breath of air. A caution quietly rose within his heart. This kind of place was not one that was used to play. It was really dangerous here. It was definitely not wrong to be careful. The vague summoning feeling earlier continued for a short instant before it scattered and became invisible. This kind of strange scene caused Xiao Yan to wonder if it was an illusion.
Xiao Yan continued down for awhile before his eyes suddenly widened. At this moment the thing that appeared in front of him was a magma world that was vast and seemed to be endless. The large bright-red magma pool emitted a hot energy that caused one to feel asphyxia. Even though one was near it the hot air caused one to have difficulty enduring on. Enormous bubbles surged out of the magma and appeared...
Chapter 898: Initial Mastery of the Ruler Technique
The bright-red magma world was filled with a deadly silence. It seemed void of any traces of life. The vast seemingly endless magma was just like a pool of still water that did not even form the slightest ripple. The quietness seemed to cover every single inch of this magma world...
"Bang!"
A low deep sound suddenly appeared in this quiet magma world. Immediately the viscous magma seemed to be stirred by something as it began to furiously rise and fall. An enormous magma fire wave whistled and rose before finally falling down shooting out a magma flow in all directions while emitting a loud bang.
A human figure stood on the magma under the whistling of the magma"s fire wave. His body was naked and a layer of white viscous liquid covered his exposed skin. At this moment his hand was holding a large heavy ruler while he danced swiftly. Numerous profound arcs formed. Following the dancing of the heavy ruler a continuous ruler figure swiftly spread out and enshrouded his entire body. The magma that landed with a bang was swiftly being reflected aside when it made contact with the ruler figure...
Chapter 899: Mysterious Bones
The hesitation in Xiao Yan"s eyes slowly disappeared after Xiao Yan made a decision in his heart. He lowered his head and looked at the endless magma. A solemness flashed onto his face. He was uncertain about just how deep this underground magma was. One must possess an unusually powerful strength if one wanted to enter deep within it. This was because there was a great pressure from the already hot magma something that an ordinary expert would not be able to endure.
According to his prediction one must require at least the strength of a Dou Zong class if one wanted to enter the bottom of this magma. An ordinary Dou Huang or someone without powerful Dou Qi would likely have their fortune hang in the balance if they were to head down. Of course Xiao Yan was an exception. This was the place where the Fallen Heart Flame was born. With him being the current owner of the Fallen Heart Flame it would be much easier for him to move about.
Xiao Yan waved his hand as he stood on the magma while deep in thought. The Heavy Xuan Ruler once again appeared in his hand. After which he swung his...
Chapter 900: Magma"s Living Creatures
The hot breeze arrived suddenly. At the crucial moment Xiao Yan displayed his somewhat frightening retaliation strength. One could see a silver glow flashing under his feet as his body twisted into a strange arc and the breeze passed by just above Xiao Yan"s shoulder. The hot wind caused a fiery pain to be transmitted from his shoulder.
Xiao Yan"s body trembled after dodging the attack. He swiftly withdrew. While doing so he turned his body around and he looked in the direction where the wind originated. His face once again became stunned.
There was an enormous ten meter red colored figure swimming within the magma. Its color was similar to that of the surrounding magma. If one did not observe carefully it would be difficult to discover it. Moreover the crimson body was covered with red scales and its five-foot-long red scaly tail swung slightly. The red figure stood with both legs but its legs were unusually large. Its head was also rounded and covered with tiny scales. A pair of tiny eyes emitted a faint fierceness. Its large mouth was parted slightly revealing densely packed sharp teeth....
Chapter 901: Fire Lizard Race
The densely packed red-colored figures swiftly parted the magma and rushed over. After merely a dozen seconds they spread out and surrounded Xiao Yan...
Being stared at by so many fierce gazes caused even Xiao Yan"s face to become somewhat unnatural. His eyes stared at the largest fire lizard person. Not only was this fellow"s size larger than an ordinary lizard person but the scales on its body were also a darker shade of red. Its eyes which contained a similar dark and cold fierceness also revealed a ruthlessness and cunningness that the other lizard people did not possess.
"Ji ji!"
The large fire lizard eyes stared sinisterly at Xiao Yan. Its sharp teeth covered mouth emitted numerous "ji ji" cries that Xiao Yan did not understand. His large hand was also dancing in front of him.
Xiao Yan did not understand the meaning that this large fellow wanted to convey. However he knew that it was definitely not a friendly conversation. He immediately ceased paying any attention as his gaze swept around him searching for a place where he could escape. The number of fire lizard that had appeared this time...
Chapter 902: Tian Huo Zun Zhe
Xiao Yan clearly felt an unusual ripple sweeping over his body when he broke through the layer of transparent light. This ripple swiftly disappeared when it made contact with the Fallen Heart Flame on his body allowing Xiao Yan"s body to successfully enter it.
When he penetrated the barrier the bright-red color that filled his eyes was swiftly scattered. Replacing it was a kind of misty and faint cream-white-colored light. Xiao Yan immediately stabilized his body. His gaze was extremely cautious as it swept in all directions. Finally it paused on the mysterious skeleton that was suspended in the middle.
The space in this place was clearly the light barrier that Xiao Yan had seen earlier. Perhaps it was due to his sight but this place appeared much bigger at this moment. However one could still take in the entire place with a glance.
Xiao Yan turned his head as his eyes searched outside the light barrier. The blood-colored fire lizard leaders were discovered by him. His expression immediately became somewhat solemn. He did not expect that this mysterious magma race would actually possess such...
Chapter 903: Five Ring Flame Expelling Technique
The white-haired old man who called himself Yao Tian Huo smiled slightly when he saw Xiao Yan"s change in expression. He immediately waved his hand and indifferently said "There is no need to be afraid. That was when I was still alive. The current me is merely a little spirit. Given your strength it is enough to kill me."
Xiao Yan quietly sighed in relief without noticing it upon hearing this. He was quite cautious of this elite Dou Zun with a mysterious origin especially if he was the previous owner of the Fallen Heart Flame.
Tian Huo zun-zhe played with the Fallen Heart Flame in his hand. A moment later he sighed and recalled his memories. He flicked his finger and the Fallen Heart Flame transformed into a fire snake that shot to Xiao Yan.
Xiao Yan carefully received the Fallen Heart Flame but did not immediately absorb it into his body. He allowed it to linger on his hand. Only after he failed to discover anything wrong with it did he carefully absorb it into his body. When he regained the Fallen Heart Flame the caution within Xiao Yan finally paled a little. He immediately smiled and courteously said "This little fellow...
Chapter 904: Mysterious Existence
Tian Huo zun-zhe was startled when he heard Xiao Yan"s words. He smiled slightly and said "Why don"t you tell me what the condition is."
Xiao Yan stared intently at Tian Huo zun-zhe. He softly said "I hope that old mister will protect the little me for one year if you really recover your strength."
"Protect you for one year?" Tian Huo zun-zhe was stunned when he heard this. A smile that contained a deeper meaning immediately surfaced on his face. "Little fellow you really don"t suffer any losses. You are actually asking me to be a bodyguard for one year? You should know that an elite Dou Zun is not someone that an ordinary person can just request for help."
Xiao Yan smiled and said "A year"s time is merely just a short while to an expert of old mister"s strength. Moreover I am also aware that as long as mister is able to successfully repair his soul it would not be too difficult for you to revive. I think that this is sufficient for me to hire old mister for one year no?"
"Little fellow you really do know how to speak. It is not too much of a problem for me to protect you for one year. Of course the precondition is that you are able to repair my spirit. With my current spirit"s strength I won"t be able to endure...
Chapter 905: The Activity of the Tuo She Ancient God Jade
A great soul-stirring wave rose within Xiao Yan"s heart. However there was not the slightest change on his face. The hand under his sleeve gently caressed the Tuo She Ancient God Jade and he immediately inhaled a deep breath of air. The ancient jade which had not exhibited any activity for a long time had an unusual movement appearing at this moment. A wave of faint-redness rose up on the white-colored jade"s body. Clearly it was due to this magma area... or more accurately speaking the magma world below...
Xiao Yan"s heart felt eighty percent confident that there seemed to be some existence that was related to the Tuo She Ancient God Jade at the bottom of the magma world where one had difficulty seeing!
A boiling feeling quietly rose within Xiao Yan"s heart when he recalled what Xun Er had said back then. This Tuo She Ancient God Jade was left behind by an elite Dou Di. Dou Di the expert that stood at the peak of this world. The kind of strength that an expert who had obtained that level possessed was something that Xiao Yan had never personally witnessed. However he could still vaguely guess it had been frightening...
Chapter 906: Advancing Again
Time quietly rolled by like the sand between one"s fingers in this deadly quiet ancient magma world. A short amount of time was unable to cause the endless magma to show even the slightest bit of activity. Time had become inconsequential in this place...
A month passed by in the blink of an eye.
Due to those so-called "fire beads" Xiao Yan"s progress during this one month was extremely quick. After swallowing and refining around fifty plus of them he could clearly sense that the Dou Qi vessel within his body that had expanded during the last advancement was once again transmitting a swelling feeling. This situation told Xiao Yan that his current self was already at the peak of a five star Dou Huang. As long as he had an opportunity he would be able to easily advance and breakthrough to become a six star Dou Huang!
Upon reaching this stage Xiao Yan also knew that continuing to focus and train was no longer the most optimum path. Although one cannot slack off during one"s training one should also know that one would not be able to make it by being too anxious. Simply put stubbornly training...
Chapter 907: Information
Xiao Yan involuntarily smiled when he saw the old figure that had descended from the hole. He spoke with a clear voice "Why does First Elder have the time to come here today?"
The old figure remained slowly suspended in the when he heard Xiao Yan"s voice. He glanced at Xiao Yan who had a naked upper body and snapped "You have stayed below for such a long time. I thought that you had met with a troublesome matter... Zi Yan and those fellows have repeatedly asked me if they could come down here. How can I agree to their request given the danger of this place? Hence I can only come down on my own."
Xiao Yan laughed when he heard this. He pulled the snow-white ring that hid Tian Huo zun-zhe up his sleeve without drawing any attention. It was better to keep the matter of Tian Huo zun-zhe a secret. It would be more of a disadvantage than advantage if other people were to know about it. Although Xiao Yan trusted First Elder Su Qian this was after all something related to an expert who was once an elite Dou Zun. Hence it was best if fewer people knew about it.
First Elder Su Qian naturally did not notice the little actions of Xiao Yan. His feet stepped...
Chapter 908: Discussion
Four Inner Academy"s Elders were seated at the bottom of the Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower. Their eyes were slightly shut. Between the four of them was coincidentally the deep hole that led into the magma world.
"Chi!"
The soft sound of rushing wind suddenly appeared from the deep hole. The eyes of the four Elders suddenly opened at the same time. Immediately their gazes focused on the deep hole and the Dou Qi within their bodies involuntarily began to flow.
During the time that the four Elders waited solemnly a black figure suddenly flashed out before gently landing on the ground. The eyes of the four people drifted over. Only then did they softly sigh in relief. After which they smiled and cupped their hands to that person.
The one who had exited the deep hole was naturally Xiao Yan. He courteously smiled to four Elders. Su Qian also rushed out of the deep hole soon after Xiao Yan had exited from it. The four Elders sighed in relief when they saw this. They also knew the level of danger in the magma world below. Hence they were afraid that Su Qian might have met with an accident within.
"First Elder take out the "Flame Gathering Pot" and try to see if it has any effect....
Chapter 909: Gather
The next day on a small mountain peak not far from the "Peace Town" of the Jia Nan Academy one would occasionally see flashing human figures within the dense forest. There were a couple of withered trees within the forest along with some flowers and grasses. The air was also very fresh.
Over ten human figures stood facing the wind on the mountain peak. The wild wind that blew over was unable to cause the clothes of these human figures to flutter even a little. The ten plus people quietly stood as the roaring wind smashed against their faces. However not a single person moved because of this. All of them stood quietly. The faint pressuring aura that was emitted caused the mountain peak to be completely silent.
A black-robed young man stood at the leader"s spot. His eyes were shut while his hands were placed behind him. A long while later his ears suddenly moved and he faintly said "They"re here. They"re finally here..."
Over ten black spots suddenly appeared in the horizon not long after Xiao Yan"s voice sounded. In merely a couple of blinks these black spots turned into human figures that rushed over. They only gradually reduced their speed when they were a short...
Chapter 910: Alliance
There was not a single empty seat on the entire open ground. Dozens of various-sized people were present some were old men with white hair over their heads and some were well-endowed women. Of course most of them were young men in their thirties. The only thing that was the same was that they were emitting an expert aura from their bodies. Even though they were sitting quietly they were not people whom others could underestimate. Most of those who were able to sit in this place were experts and factions that possessed a great reputation within the "Black-Corner Region." In this place where strength was respected even the seating arrangement was determined by strength.
On the left and right side of Han Feng sat Mo Tian Xing from the Black Emperor Sect and Old Ying Shan who had fought with Xiao Yan for the "Bodhisattva Body Transformation Saliva." At this moment the two of them had shut their eyes. They ignored the surrounding people. Their calm and indifferent manner caused ordinary people to be afraid of striking up a conversation with them.
With the strength of these two people no one dared to have any objection to them sitting in the leader"s seat. Other than the Old Ground Demon Ghost who had already been destroyed it was...
Chapter 911: The Deterrence Created By Speed
Han Feng"s gaze was dense as he watched Xiao Yan"s group slowly walk into the open ground. This was especially the case when he did not discover the existence of Old Qian and Old Bai. The cold glow in his eyes suddenly soared.
"Xiao Yan it is unexpected that you actually possess the guts to deliver yourself here. Do you really treat everyone seated here like grass?" Han Feng slowly stood up from his seat and coldly laughed. While he spoke he quietly threw a look to an expert from the Demon Flame Valley ordering him to swiftly gather the guards from the Demon Flame Valley.
"The only person I am against is Han Feng and the Demon Flame Valley. It has nothing to do with anyone else. However if an outsider intervenes I will naturally not show any mercy." Xiao Yan slowly walked to the open ground. His soft "sha sha" footsteps caused quite a number of people seated to feel a pressure. After the matter that had caused an uproar some time Xiao Yan"s fierce reputation had become even greater within the "Black-Corner Region." Hence no one dared to underestimate this man who looked quite young.
"You need...
Chapter 912: Protector Xuan
Xiao Yan indifferently glanced at the gold-silver elders whose bodies had completely stiffened. His finger contained a force that was flicked. The sharp force penetrated the heads of the two people. Their eyes turned black and they fainted from the strike.
Xiao Yan held each of them with one hand and randomly threw them onto the open ground as though he was throwing out garbage. The low sound the came from the smashing of the bodies on the ground caused the eyes of quite a number of people to twitch. All of them felt a silent pity for the unlucky gold-silver elders.
After doing all this Xiao Yan finally patted his hands. He turned around looked at Mo Tian Xing and said "Sect leader Mo has your sect"s junior sect leader been unconscious?"
Everyone hearts were filled with doubt upon hearing these words of Xiao Yan that appeared from nowhere. However the face of Mo Tian Xing changed drastically. He furiously looked at Xiao Yan and cried out "Is the matter of my son being poisoned caused by you?"
The matter of Mo Ya being poisoned was naturally not related to Xiao Yan. He was unconcerned when he heard the Little Fairy Doctor mention it to him after the matter. Now that he had...
Chapter 913: Fire Spirit Revealing Its Might
The black clouds covered the sun and lingered in the sky above the valley. The originally clear sky had turned dark almost instantaneously. The strange black fog seemed to be something where even sunlight had difficulty penetrating.
Countless numbers of sharp ear-piercing cries reverberated unceasingly within the valley. Dense spirits penetrated the black fog appearing like evil ghosts that remained hidden during the night. Their blood-red eyes appeared exceptionally sinister within the dark environment.
"Everyone be careful these are spiritual bodies that are controlled by them!"
Xiao Yan"s expression sank slightly as he looked that the souls lingering in the sky. Finally he cried out in a deep voice.
Su Mei and the other experts were also shocked at this unexpected change. They immediately rushed to Xiao Yan"s side. Their eyes revealed a solemness as they looked at the dense-black cloud in the sky. The closely packed randomly dancing spirits caused their heads to feel numb.
"Tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk. In order to successfully capture you this protector has put in sufficient capital. These are the souls successfully...
Chapter 914: Gathering Fierce Spirit
"Ao ao ao!"
The enormous wolf-shaped fire spirit wailed at the sky. Invisible ripples swiftly spread. The remaining blood-red spiritual bodies were turned into nothingness under the ripples. Not even a little spiritual strength escaped from them...
"Fallen Heart Flame? Brat I underestimated you. It is unexpected that you are able to control it to such an extent!"
Following this large scale massacre by the wolf-shaped fire spirit the dark-black cloud that contained traces of dark-redness began to churn. A shocked furious cry was transmitted from it.
Xiao Yan ignored the angry cry of Protector Xuan. He focused his mind on controlling the enormous wolf-shaped fire spirit. This was the first kind of fire spirit from the "Five Ring Flame Expelling Technique." With Xiao Yan"s current Spiritual Strength he naturally did not need to exhaust too much strength to form it. However the remaining fire spirits became harder and harder to train. Once he succeeded however the strength from the gathering of the five kinds of fire spirit would be quite frightening.
Although this was merely the...
Chapter 915: Meeting In Battle
Protector Xuan"s wild laughter reverberated over the sky like thunder causing the expressions of quite a number of people below to change. Immediately numerous gazes instantly turned to the dense-black cloud. Although the black cloud had already ceased churning at this moment a solemn-red color was emitted. Some of the people present who were weaker felt a violent emotion quietly rising from deep within their hearts wherever this blood-red color move. They quickly guarded their minds while adopting shocked faces.
Su Qian and the Little Fairy Doctor by the side also knit their brows slightly as they sensed the fierceness that was spreading from the black cloud. They did not understand why Xiao Yan did not act earlier. Did he really feel confident enough to finish off this fierce spirit who would a strength that was sufficient to contend with an elite Dou Zong?
the Little Fairy Doctor might not understand this within her heart but she had exceptional trust in Xiao Yan. She knew that given Xiao Yan"s character he would definitely not do something so foolish...
"Everyone be careful!" Xiao Li"s expression was also solemn. He waved his hand toward everyone...
Chapter 916: Collecting Fierce Spirit
The sudden appearance of the glaring light nearly overshadowed the sunlight from the sky. Quite a number of people were stunned because of this unexpected change. Numerous alarmed gazes were thrown to the sky.
Xiao Yan"s fist had made blatant contact with the fierce spirit. However the strange glow that had erupted from the white-colored ring was just like a barrier that completely blocked the frightening force on the fierce spirit"s fist. After which a wave of powerful suction force surged out of it!
The suction force appeared very suddenly but it was extremely swift and powerful. It was just like a whirlpool rotating at an incredible speed. The source of the swirl was the small snow-white ring.
The suction force had just appeared when it targeted and covered the fierce spirit still spreading its violence. At this instant the fierce spirit that originally only had killing intent began to show fear. Its body trembled as it tried to escape the region of the suction force. The miserable screech that was emitted from the fierce spirit contained a craziness and terror.
However the aim of the fierce spirit escaping...
Chapter 917: Kill
The glaring light suddenly disappeared. Protector Xuan"s frightened and furious roar sounded at the same time.
"Xiao Yan return the fierce spirit to this protector! Otherwise I will definitely let you die an extremely miserable!"
Xiao Yan completely ignored Protector Xuan"s furious roar. The fierce spirit had been connected to Protector Xuan"s spirit. Now that the fierce spirit had been captured he would suffer an intense backlash. With his Spiritual Strength suffering a great blow his strength would definitely decline. The current him already posed no problem and was nothing to be afraid of.
At this moment Xiao Yan"s eyes were surprised as he stared at the white-colored ring on his hand. He could faintly see a bright-redness on the ring"s surface. However Xiao Yan was unable to probe the ring to see the situation within it probably because of the ring itself or Tian Huo zun-zhe.
"Xiao Yan the fierce spirit has temporarily been sealed by me. However the Spiritual Strength that I have stored is basically completely exhausted. The exhaustion this time around is too great and I will soon descend into a slumber. You must definitely remember to help me repair and moisten my...
Chapter 918: Exchanging Blows Again
The sudden change that occurred in the sky caused everyone to be stunned. Numerous eyes stared at Han Feng"s hand as he slowly withdrew it from Protector Tie"s body. Their hearts involuntarily chilled when they saw the savage smile on his face. This fellow... his heart was really vicious. He was actually able to act against his companion without any hesitation.
u"This vicious tactics of Han Feng shocked quite a number of people. The dislike of him within many peoples hearts also became greater. This included Old Ying Shan. Although he was not considered a good person he would still not do something as shameless as attack his companions. Moreover if Han Feng was able to attack Protector Xuan without any scruple it was likely that Han Feng could decide to attack Old Ying Shan without feeling the slightest burden."
Han Feng was unaware of the thoughts within everyone"s heart. At this moment Protector Xuan"s spirit gradually became illusionary after having lost his body because of Han Feng"s unexpected murderous act.
Han Feng indifferently looked at this spirit that had become illusionary...
Chapter 919: Fire Lotus Kill!
The space in front of the Little Fairy Doctor had strangely become much more distorted with the transformation of her eyes. The speed of the black-colored longsword that seemed to have shot over like lightning slowed again when it entered the distorted space!
"Sky Sinister Poison Hand!"
A voice that was void of any emotion was softly spat out from the Little Fairy Doctor"s mouth. Immediately a grayish-purple majestic Dou Qi surged out of her body. It instantly formed two enormous Dou Qi hands. These Dou Qi hands were extended and immediately grabbed the black fog longsword.
The enormous black fog sword had difficulty penetrating further after facing such resistance. However the sharp dark cold sword aura at its tip caused the Little Fairy Doctor"s skin to emit waves of piercing pain. After having swallowed Protector Xuan"s spirit Han Feng"s strength was greater than hers. It was naturally no longer as relaxing as it was in the past to block him. After all each star level within the Dou Zong class was an enormous gap. It was quite difficult to leap across it.
The grayish-purple Dou Qi hands and the black...
Chapter 920: The Final Victor
The enormous fire wave swept out in all directions from the black fog sea. The remnant waves created by the fire wave caused the trees within a thousand meters of the valley to emit a "puff" sound as they turned to ashes...
If one were to look down on the scene from above one would be able to see a lush green color within a thousand meter radius disappear almost instantly with the Demon Flame Valley as its center. Even the forest more than a thousand meters away had turned to a withering yellow. Clearly the high temperature contained within the fire wave had vaporized all the moisture within this region.
The might of the fire lotus was this frightening!
At this moment the Demon Flame Valley was in complete chaos. The enormous rocks that rolled down from the wall caused the people from the Demon Flame Valley who did not have time to prepare themselves to suffer great losses. It was still alright for some agile experts. They were still able to dodge this great calamity with their speed. However those who were slow were buried in an enormous rock ruin.
The experts in the open ground who were late to leave only managed to flee from the valley after some graceful dodging. Due to the frightening...
Chapter 921: Treasure Hunting
The almost invisible Spiritual Strength struggled with all its might within Xiao Yan"s hand but it was ultimately unable to escape its restraints. Furious and vicious roars were faintly emitted while it struggled.
Xiao Yan"s eyes glanced coldly and indifferently at this spirit. Han Feng was really a decisive person. He was actually willing to abandon most of his Spiritual Strength and use only a trace to escape. This small thread of Spiritual Strength was something that even an ordinary elite Dou Zong would have difficulty sensing. If Xiao Yan had not been present it was likely that this fellow would have once again fled.
In front of Xiao Yan who possessed an exceptionally sharp Spiritual Perception this little trick of Han Feng was not something that could be hidden. This thread of Spiritual Strength had not only failed to hide its figure by fleeing underground but had instead expose itself to Xiao Yan.
A cluster of jade-green flames rose on his hand wrapping around the Spiritual Strength. Xiao Yan then took out a jade bottle and threw the Spiritual Strength in. He wiped his hand and a faint fire layer made of jade-green flame was formed at the mouth of the bottle.
"I will entertain you properly...
Chapter 922: Rock Cave Storeroom
Xiao Yan extended his hand and pulled the excited-faced Zi Yan behind him as he studied the cave behind the rock wall. After which his eyes made contact with the Little Fairy Doctor Su Qian and Xiao Li. The Dou Qi within their bodies quietly circulated. Only then did they slowly make their way to the hole that had been forcefully created by Zi Yan. They slowly walked in. They were extremely careful where they placed each footstep since they were unaware of what was hidden here.
They made their way through the small tunnel before finally stopping inside of the cave a moment later. Standing at this spot they could vaguely see some light emitted from within the cave. Some Magical Beast drawings were present on the rock walls surrounding the cave. At a glance they appeared to possess a stern fierce aura. However this kind of deterrence was completely useless against Xiao Yan"s group.
Su Qian walked at the front. Among all of them he had preserved the most of his strength. He did not exhaust much strength while dealing with Old Ying Shan. It was safest to have him be at the front while exploring...
Chapter 923: Sky Demon Puppet
A faint light curtain covered the bookshelf. This light curtain might appear thin and weak but it contained a strong energy.
"Huh?"
Xiao Yan"s gaze cautiously swept over the light barrier. A moment later he suddenly emitted a surprised sound. He had discovered that the surroundings of this light barrier contained some spatial traces that were difficult to notice.
"This light barrier should be something placed by the Old Ground Demon Ghost. It contains some spatial strength within it. Although it is not very strong it is likely that any forceful attempt to destroy it would damage the items inside." Su Qian by his side also discovered the uniqueness of this light barrier. He immediately frowned a little and spoke somewhat awkwardly. These treasures and secret books usually possessed some restrictions. If one were to make a mistake they would be destroyed and one would return empty-handed.
Xiao Yan nodded slightly. He flicked his finger and jade-green flame wisp appeared on its tip. It gently made contact with the light curtain.
"Chi chi..."
The light curtain began to fluctuate after the flame made contact with it. Circular...
Chapter 924: Soul Cultivating Saliva
"Sky Demon Puppet?"
Xiao Yan"s eyes solidified as he looked at the three large blood-red words. His heart immediately carried a slight doubt as he slowly opened the bamboo scroll. Some more blood-red words that contained a bloodthirstiness were imprinted into his eyes.
"Sky Demon Puppet. This skill is not a Qi Method nor is it an ordinary Dou Technique. Instead it is a puppet skill that has been passed down from ancient times. One must gather three items in order to refine the Sky Demon Puppet. A corpse a spirit and a Monster Core. The corpse is the device the spirit is the guide and the Monster Core is the heart. This accompanied by many other ingredients will ultimately form a Demon Puppet. The Demon Puppet is divided into three levels Sky Ground and Man. The differences between them are determined by the ingredients and the flame used during the refinement. A Demon Puppet possesses an unending amount of strength and does not have any emotion nor does it feel any pain. It is basically a killing machine."
The surprise on Xiao Yan"s face became denser as his gaze slowly swept across the blood-red words on the bamboo scroll. This so-called...
Chapter 925: The Woeful Poison Body Erupting Ahead of Time
By the time Xiao Yan rushed to the Little Fairy Doctor"s residence he had discovered that the place had already been completely sealed by an energy light barrier that originated from the top down. Some of the Inner Academy Elders had stopped at this place with solemn faces and chased away some curious students who had arrived.
A black figure approached from the distant and appeared outside of the light curtain an instant later. The few Inner Academy Elders were about to stop him when they saw this person"s face. Only then did they sigh in relief. They cupped their hands to Xiao Yan and moved their bodies aside. "First Elder is inside. You should quickly go in. Be careful of the poison gas." An Elder swiftly said after seeing Xiao Yan.
The anxiety within Xiao Yan"s eyes became even denser when he heard this. He nodded and a jade-green flame surged from his body. He immediately entered the light barrier.
A grayish air that carried some stench pounced toward him after he entered the light barrier. However when it reached the jade-green flame it was grilled by the high temperature into nothingness emitting waves of...
Chapter 926: Seal
The pretty red-faced Little Fairy Doctor shrank under the thin quilt. Her wonderful eyes staring at Xiao Yan were so red it seemed that water was about to seep out from them.
Xiao Yan was somewhat embarrassed when he was stared at in this manner. He immediately thickened the skin of his face as he said "It is indeed necessary for the seal..."
The bright-redness on Little Fairy Doctor"s face was reduced greatly when she saw Xiao Yan"s embarrassed manner. The back of her teeth bit her red lower lip. After which she straightened her body in a mermaid-like manner. Her delicate hands trembled slightly as she removed her clothes.
Her delicate hands moved and her clothes quietly fell. Immediately a lovely suet-like naked body appeared in front of Xiao Yan causing a certain person"s breathing to involuntarily become a little heavier. If he were able to maintain a calm mind during such a situation it was likely that he was not a man...
Xiao Yan violently clenched his teeth. He gave himself two tight slaps in his heart. After which he forcefully turned his gaze away and inhaled a deep breath. He attempted to maintain an unchanged tone as he said "Lie down..."
After watching Xiao...
Chapter 927: Refining the Fierce Spirit
When Xiao Yan woke from his unconscious state his eyes landed on a pair of lovely grayish purple-coloured eyes. He only sighed in relief when he saw the clearness within them. He pulled his body up. He suddenly discovered that he had unknowingly laid down on the Little Fairy Doctor"s bed and was able to sniff the special fragrance unique to a young female. Xiao Yan mind descended into his body and swept through it only to discover that the poison gas had already completely vanished.
"I already helped you remove the poison vapor. There is no need for you to worry." The Little Fairy Doctor beside the bed used her hands to support her head as she watched him without moving. She involuntarily broke into a smile and spoke when she saw what Xiao Yan was doing causing him to feel as though everything in front of him had brightened.
Xiao Yan smiled. His gaze swept over the Little Fairy Doctor"s body as he said in surprise "Your strength..." From his senses the aura of the Little Fairy Doctor in front of him seemed to be much denser than before.
"The eruption of the "Woeful Poison Body" released a lot of poison gas. Such poison gas...
Chapter 928: Refining the Sky Demon Puppet
A murky blood fog surged in all directions from the white-colored ring. It swiftly agglomerated into a blood-colored figure within the cave.
This figure had just appeared when an unusually dense stench spread out. However the two people within the cave were not ordinary people. This kind of negative emotion did not successfully corrode their mind.
The fierce spirit had just appeared when it saw Xiao Yan and Tian Huo zun-zhe. Perhaps because it had been captured the last time it saw these people but it actually did not pounce on them. Instead it turned around transformed into a blood shadow that wildly shot out of the cave. It appeared to be afraid of them and was actually attempting to flee.
"Hmph you wish to escape?"
Tian Huo zun-zhe let out a cold snort upon seeing the actions of the fierce spirit. His hand was clenched and the Fallen Heart Flame in front of him swiftly spread out. It transformed into a fire web as it rushed out. Finally it managed to seal the cave exit just before the blood figure reached it.
Fear flashed across the blood-colored eyes of the fierce spirit when it saw the invisible...
Chapter 929: Refinement
The night sky was covered in the light of the stars. The outdoors were quiet. Besides the occasional croak of a frog everything was completely silent. A cold wind convoluted the interior of an empty cave while Xiao Yan sat cross-legged on an enormous rock within the cave. His expression was solemn. A moment later he waved his hand and two items rushed out of his Storage Ring. These items landed heavily on the ground stirring up some dust.
Two corpses that had been frozen appeared on the ground. Xiao Yan was not unfamiliar with these two corpses. They were Yun Shan and the Old Ground Demon Ghost...
Xiao Yan"s gaze slowly swept across the faces of these two corpses that had been maintained with the expression that they . Finally his gaze paused on the white-robed Yun Shan. Xiao Yan finally let out a sigh a long time later. After so many years Xiao Yan"s hatred had gradually reduced following the disbanding of the Misty Cloud Sect. Moreover its miserable fate was barely able to make up for what it did to the Xiao clan.
When comparing the...
Chapter 930: Successful Refinement!
Xiao Yan"s tightly shut eyes were suddenly opened within the cave. A joy flashed in his eyes. Both of his hands immediately formed a strange seal and a somewhat unusual cry was emitted from his mouth.
The Old Ground Demon Ghost"s body trembled suddenly following the emission of this cry. Immediately the spirit that lingered in its head seemed to have been forcefully shattered by something invisible. It transformed into a countless number of light spots that densely scattered through every part of its body. The instant the spirit turned into light spots the Monster Core that was in the body"s chest emitted a slight buzzing sound. Soon wild violent energy surged out like rising lake water. Finally the energy moved along the body"s veins like it was being circulated.
The grayish-white color on the surface of the body became denser following this change in the spirit and the Monster Core. The size of the entire body was also slowly shrinking. A majestic aura that was void of any emotion slowly spread from...
Chapter 931: Big Commotion
Xiao Yan did not hurry to begin refining the Heaven Soul Blood Bone Pill after coming out of the magma world. A tier 7 medicinal pill was not something of an ordinary tier. With his current strength it was likely that his chances would not be higher than a fifty percent success rate even in peak condition and with the help of a "Heavenly Flame." His weary condition after having refined the Earth Demon Puppet made those odds even worse.
Moreover Xiao Yan had yet to gather all of the medicinal ingredients that were needed to refine the Heaven Soul Blood Bone Pill. Additionally the medicinal pill refinement this time around was definitely not something that could be successfully accomplished on the first attempt. Hence Xiao Yan needed to prepare enough medicinal ingredients to avoid the embarrassing situation of running out of medicinal ingredients.
Xiao Yan did not spend much effort on the matter of searching for medicinal ingredients. After giving Xiao Li a list of medicinal ingredient names he maneuvered the strength of Xiao Gate to swiftly search for them. This kind of large scale searching was much more efficient compared to Xiao Yan searching by himself...
Chapter 932: Refining The Heaven Soul Blood Bone Pill
The crimson medicinal cauldron covered in beast drawings landed heavily on the rock platform. That heavy feeling nearly caused the rock platform to shake.
Xiao Yan inhaled a deep breath of air as he looked at the medicinal cauldron in front of him. He opened his mouth and a cluster of jade-green flames was spat out. With a flick of his finger the flame carried a beautiful tail that barged into the medicinal cauldron. It immediately erupted once inside. Fierce flames repeatedly churned within the medicinal cauldron. The increasing temperature caused this... place to gradually grow hotter.
Xiao Yan waved his sleeves as the flame rose. Medicinal ingredients immediately began to drift out of his Storage Ring one after another. They surfaced in the air above the rock platform under the cover of his Dou Qi. They appeared like tiny light clusters that seemed very beautiful when looked at from below.
"Heaven Soul Blood Bone Pill tier 7 medicinal pill. It has the shocking miraculous effect of improving one"s constitution and raising one"s training talent. The ingredients needed to refine it are extremely troublesome. There are around seventy-seven of them with four main ingredients. The four are Dragon Blood Ganoderma Bone Spirit Fruit Mysterious...
Chapter 933: The Mighty Pressure from the Bloodline
The most important part of refining a medicinal pill was to perfectly merge the various medicinal strengths within the many medicinal ingredients. This merger process needed to be maintained with precise control. That"s why Spiritual Strength was the most important thing in determining the achievement of an alchemist.
This unexpected change that had occurred this time around seemed to have been beyond Xiao Yan"s expectations. The reason was that every step he took earlier were completely done by following what was stated on the medicinal formula. There was not the slightest mistake. However a problem still occurred. Clearly there was something that had yet to be controlled by him while following these footsteps.
The earlier Xiao Yan was also similarly unaware of the step he had deviated from. However he came to a sudden understanding the instant the flame surged in both his eyes. The problem did not originate from the medicinal powder nor medicinal liquid he had refined. Instead it had come from the drop of green-red blood.
This drop of green-red blood was refined from the Demon Beast"s dried corpse. The wild violent energy contained within it had far exceeded the requirement...
Chapter 934: Pill Formed
With the expulsion of the pressure within the blood liquid the medicinal strength of the Dragon Blood Ganoderma and the other medicinal ingredients was finally released. After which they steadily interacted with the majestic force within the blood and began a slow merger. A powerful strength repeatedly flowed within...
By borrowing Zi Yan"s strength Xiao Yan barely passed this roadblock. Although it was filled with danger Xiao Yan was not completely without gain. Currently the strength contained within this cluster of medicinal liquid was quite strong. After all not only did it contain a drop of Magical Beast blood within it but it also possessed a drop of essence blood from Zi Yan. Although Xiao Yan did not know exactly what kind of Magical Beast Zi Yan was she was definitely an extraordinary from the way it was able to suppress the powerful pressure. If this pill refinement succeeded it was likely that this Heaven Soul Blood Bone Pill would be the highest grade Secret Technique that the Snake-People Race had ever used...
After helping Xiao Yan settle the pressure issue Zi Yan did not remain and disturb him. She glanced at the churning medicinal liquid in the medicinal cauldron with envy before smacking her mouth. Her body moved and she rushed out of the...
Chapter 935: Pill Lightning
This strange phenomenon that had suddenly appeared in the sky also alarmed Su Qian and the others. Immediately a round of rushing sounds reverberated across the sky. Numerous figures flashed and appeared before floating in the air. Their faces were solemn as they looked at the dark clouds that permeated the sky.
"Pill Lightning..."
Su Qian remained suspended in the sky. His expression was solemn as he looked at the silver-snake-like lightning that was roaming within the dark clouds before slowly speaking in a deep voice.
The Little Fairy Doctor and Zi Yan stood in the empty sky beside Su Qian. Even their hearts felt some fear in the face of this natural pressure.
"All Elders listen up. Begin to place a formation in the Inner Academy. Act immediately should any Pill Lightning fall into the Inner Academy!" The thick dark clouds in the sky seemed to have covered half of the Inner Academy. Seeing this Su Qian finally cried out loud with a serious face.
"Yes sir!"
None of the many Inner Academy Elders dared to slight the order given by Su Qian. They immediately replied in union before rushing down and scattering themselves to all the corners of the Inner Academy. Powerful Dou Qi surged out of their bodies and immediately began to act in concert with...
Chapter 936: Earth Demon Puppet Revealing its Might
The silver-colored human figure that had suddenly appeared attracted everyone"s eyes. A punch defeating such a powerful lightning bolt? It was likely that even an ordinary elite Dou Zong would have difficulty achieving this.
Su Qian and the Little Fairy Doctor were the fastest to recover from the permeating silence. Their gazes focused intently on the human figure with a glaring silver glow within the lightning. They ended up frowning slightly a moment later. This was because they discovered that they were unable to sense the aura of that figure. At the very most they were able to sense an extreme force within it.
Despite this force being powerful it revealed some stiffness to it appearing as though it had lost its intelligence...
"This is..." Su Qian"s gaze stared intently at the silver-colored human figure. A moment later he inhaled a deep breath of air and slowly said "This is that so-called "Sky Demon Puppet?" Xiao Yan has actually refined it?"
A strange glow also flickered in the Little Fairy Doctor"s pretty eyes. She nodded slightly and softly said "However from Xiao Yan"s cry...
Chapter 937: Breaking Through Again!
It had been nearly two days since the eruption of the Pill Lightning back then. During these two days Xiao Yan"s figure had been sitting cross-legged on that rock platform with his eyes tightly shut. Waves of suction force surged out of his body completely absorbing the surrounding compact natural energy...
Xiao Yan had been maintaining this absorbing condition ever since the Pill Lightning had ended back then. Moreover his aura had also become unstable under this condition. Waves of powerful Dou Qi were like the tide as they repeatedly overflowed from Xiao Yan"s body before slowly shrinking back into it. This appeared to be like a cycle that went on continuously...
With the eyesight of Su Qian and the others they were naturally aware of the condition Xiao Yan was in. At this moment he was in a condition where he was about to breakthrough and advance. Hence Su Qian had not only dispatched people to seal the stairs that led to the rock platform but had also isolated a large area below the rock platform. At this moment if Xiao Yan were to be disturbed and end up leaving this condition his losses would be...
Chapter 938: Departure
Xiao Yan sat on a rock chair within a quiet yard. A tea table sat beside him created from rock and two plates of snacks had been placed on it. A pot of green tea was emitting a faint cloud that scattered a slight fragrance. Xiao Yan quietly sat on the rock chair. He occasionally tasted a mouthful of green tea and suddenly felt a little sentimental. After all he was about to leave this place. Moreover the future was filled with uncertainty. Regardless of how strong a person was their heart would feel a melancholy in the face of a future they were not certain of.
Xiao Yan looked at the somewhat yellowish tree leaves in the yard and involuntarily let out a soft sigh. He turned his head and looked at a figure standing at the entrance of the yard. He smiled and asked "Second brother you have arrived?"
Xiao Li at the entrance nodded his head before slowly entering the yard. He was silent for a moment before he spoke "I just rushed over from Xiao Gate. From what First Elder said are you planning on leaving?"
Xiao Yan smiled and replied "It is time to leave. Continuing to remain in this place will not allow me to truly gain the strength to contend...
Chapter 939: One Hall One Tower Two Sects Three Valleys Four Pavilions
Horizon City sat in a mountain range called Tianqing tens of thousands of kilometres away from the "Black-Corner Region." Being the only city which possessed a wormhole to the Central Plains within a radius of thousands of kilometers the flourishment of this Horizon City was second to none.
With the speed of the Griffon it required nearly half a month"s time in order to reach the Tianqing Mountain Range from the "Black-Corner Region." However Xiao Yan"s group had no other choice in the face of this matter. Xin Lan had yet to reach the Dou Wang class. Even if she had barely reached it it would have been difficult to support her flight all the way to Horizon City. It was simpler to ride the Griffon rather than travel a little bit and stop repeatedly even though this would exhaust an even greater amount of time. However once one got used to it a few days" time was nothing.
During this flight Xiao Yan increased his understanding of the Central Plains from his chat with Xin Lan.
The Central Plains of the continent was extremely vast in size. Hence most of the large scale cities within the Central...
Chapter 940: Close
The Griffon passed through the flat plains and slowly entered the mountain range. These mountains were filled with lush-green trees. Many of the giant trees were over a thousand feet tall. Many agile monkeys were climbing and playing rough with each other within this forest. These fellows were filled with intellect and did not hide when they saw a person. All they did was duly give them a glance. Clearly they were already used to seeing passersby. One could see a faint spiritual aura present on these mountains. It was likely that this place was where the land veins were located filling it with sufficient spiritual strength. It was most suitable for practitioners to train. Xiao Yan"s group did not stop at this place. They continued to drive the Griffon over a mountain. Immediately spacious well-connected roads in the mountain range appeared within Xiao Yan"s sight. They were even able to see numerous figures coming and going on the main roads. Despite being this far apart Xiao Yan was still able to hear some of the noise that was transmitted from the ground.
The sky above the mountain range did not contain...
Chapter 941: Red Clothed Young Lady
When the first rays of sunlight penetrated the window and transformed into light spots that shot onto the ground Xiao Yan who had his eyes shut finally slowly opened them. He softly muttered "Looks like there is a need to head to the city center to take a look. After all this place is the only Wormhole within a thousand kilometer radius of Horizon City..."
Xiao Yan sighed softly and rolled off the bed. He bathed a little before heading out to gather the Little Fairy Doctor and the other two. The group walked out of the inn and rushed to the city center.
Xiao Yan"s four men group was slowly walking down the main road that had an unending amount of traffic. Perhaps it was because it was still morning but the air contained moisture that existed in the mountain forest giving them a refreshing feeling.
The two sides of the street paved with bluestones would occasionally transmit various cries. A dazzling array of merchandise had placed in the shops on both sides. The huge human flow was just like ants that were penetrating through them. Horizon City was emitting an exceptionally busy constricted feeling.
"It...
Chapter 942: Rank 6
The numerous gazes on the street were immediately turned up when they heard the rumbling somber voice that was transmitted from the blue sky. Exclamations quickly sounded on the street.
"It is actually the ancestor of the Luo clan?"
"He has actually personally come? It looks like this old fellow really dotes on Luo Xiao Yao."
"Looks like there will be a nice show today..."
While everyone was noisy the gray and white old men became startled when they saw the person who had arrived. They hurriedly and respectfully said "Welcome ancestor."
The hearts of the two laughed bitterly while they spoke with their mouths. They never expected the eldest young lady to break her Heart Blood Jade Pendant. That thing was something the ancestor had personally made for her. She was told not to use it unless it was a critical moment. It was unexpected that she actually took this thing out over such a small matter. No wonder the ancestor had come so quickly. It was likely that he thought that this young lady had met with a life-threatening situation.
A blue-robed old man stood in the empty sky. His face was somewhat broad giving him a mighty appearance...
Chapter 943: Repair
Xiao Yan felt quite surprised that this Luo clan was really able to take out a Sky Poison Dragon Scorpion Beast Monster Core as recompense. Although the rank of this Monster Core was one rank lower than the one that he required it was after all a similar object no matter how one put it. The final effect might be a little poorer since it was a rank lower but at the very least if they were unable to find a rank 7 Sky Poison Dragon Scorpion Beast this thing would be the final life saving grass.
At the very least with a rank 6 Sky Poison Dragon Scorpion Beast Monster Core as a spare they would not end up in a dead end if they really ended up reaching that stage.
Xiao Yan"s gaze exchanged looks with the Little Fairy Doctor. He nodded slightly and said "Although it has not reached our requirements we can accept a rank 6 one."
Luo Cheng sighed in relief when he heard this. The Sky Poison Dragon Scorpion Beast was extremely rare and its Monster Core was even harder to find. He really did not know just who sold this rank 6 Monster Core to the Luo clan but it eventually ended up in their collection. Their Luo clan had already gotten a cheap deal by being able to use a rank 6 Monster Core to get an expert with similar strength to the ancestor to lend a hand.
"Ha ha everyone please follow me. With the help of this young lady I think that it is possible to repair the Wormhole by today." Luo Cheng smiled as he spoke. He immediately cupped his hands together...
Chapter 944: Space Storm
The sight of Xiao Yan"s group suddenly turned black the instant they stepped into the Wormhole. Their bodies abruptly felt like they had lost their weight. However this feeling swiftly disappeared an instant later. Immediately a strange space tunnel appeared within their sight.
The thing that appeared in front of Xiao Yan"s group was a space tunnel that one could not see the end of. On the two sides of the tunnel was a faint silver-colored space barrier. There were over ten tunnels that were ten feet in size within the space walls. The ends of the tunnels were a deep blackness. The upper and lower parts of the tunnels were a similar darkness that caused one to feel some fear. A dense spatial ripple faintly seeped out from them. The entire tunnel was dead quiet without even the slightest sound.
Xiao Yan involuntarily felt absent-minded upon seeing this kind of space tunnel for the first time despite his usual calmness. His gaze slowly looked over the barrier formed by spatial strength on both sides of the tunnel. Outside of it was a never ending darkness. No one knew just what kind...
Chapter 945: Frightening Tunnel
The thing that appeared in front of Xiao Yan"s group was a storm that had formed from silver-colored spatial strength. It coincidentally sealed off the entire tunnel. The turbulent suction force that was transmitted from the silver-colored storm caused the space boat Xiao Yan was in to repeatedly tremble sort of feeling as though it was about to crumble.
"Space Storm..."
Xin Lan muttered to herself. Her expression had become much paler as she stared at the raging silver-colored storm within the tunnel. It was unexpected that this unlucky thing had still appeared.
"Is this the Space Storm... it is indeed quite terrifying. Such a powerful spatial strength is something that even an elite Dou Zong would have difficulty displaying..." Xiao Yan"s eyes stared intently at the silver-colored storm that was like an enormous python as he slowly spoke.
"What do we do now?" The Little Fairy Doctor"s eyebrows were vertical as she asked.
"We can only forcefully charge through it. According to my guess we should not be far from the exit. As long as we can reach the exit we will be able to escape the Space Storm." Xin Lan forcefully suppressed the thread of terror within her heart as she gave a suggestion.
Xiao Yan knit his brows slightly when he heard this. He looked at the Space Storm that was gradually spinning toward them. A moment later he sighed and said in a deep voice "Little Fairy Doctor prepare...
Chapter 946: Han Chong
A wild wind carried grains of sands as it swept through a reddish-yellow desert.The whining sound of howling wind faintly emitted threads of a dark coldness. In this kind of somewhat desolate place one would be hard pressed to find another human. There was only an endless sandy wind carrying the sounds of a howl. No tree existed in this area. The dry environment made it difficult for both vegetation and animals to survive. Only pale-yellow wild grass was able to tenaciously live in this desolate place. Under their tiny leaves was an extremely well developed root system that an ordinary person would have difficulty imagining. Their dozens-of-meters-long roots extended deep underground in search of a precious water source. The herdsmen in the desert called them Halii Ya meaning divine gift. This tenacious vegetation was finding a way to maintain its life.
A wild wind blew past a patch of pale-yellow wild grass in the desert. The wild grasses were bending their bodies. A dark-black human figure was revealed among them.
The clothes on the human figure were tattered and fresh blood covered his body. He was breathing through his nose was extremely...
Chapter 947: Han Clan Han Xue
Xiao Yan endured a day of extremely painful bumps on the carriage before a thread of Dou Qi finally appeared in his empty body. Although this Dou Qi was still extremely weak it still managed to support him by randomly taking things out of his Storage Ring. Additionally an entire day of nursing enabled him to alight from the carriage and walk despite his injuries showing little improvement. He no longer needed to lie in the carriage like a corpse.
Xiao Yan gently twisted his arm after standing up from the carriage. The slight pain that was faintly transmitted from it caused him to smile bitterly. At this moment he was currently at his weakest point in many years. Of course despite his body being weak anyone who had ill intention toward him would end up swallowing a bitter pill. Forget about the Earth Demon Puppet hidden within his Storage Ring. Even Xiao Yan himself was not as powerless as he appeared on the surface. After all he was also a high tier alchemist on top of being a Dou practitioner. His Spiritual Strength was not the least bit inferior even when compared with some elite Dou Zongs.
Although he did not dare to say that he was able to contend...
Chapter 948: Demon Snake Xia Mang
Night gradually covered the entire desert. The moon hung like a silver plate high up in the distant sky scattering its faint cool moonlight over the land...
There were few people within the desolate desert. However there was surprisingly some fire and hearty human voices appearing on a hill. The sound spread and significantly reduced the quiet coldness around.
Quite a number of large piles of fire were emitting sparks that flew toward the sky from within the camp on the hilltop. The light from the flames lit the entire camp ground until it was quite bright. Many people were surrounding the piles of fire. Their hands held some wine jars as they laughed out loud. After which the bottles collided together emitting a "ping" sound amid some laughter.
Xiao Yan sat beside a pile of fire. He smiled as he watched these large men around him who had drunk until they had flushed faces. This kind of atmosphere was something that he had seldom endured.
"Brother Xiao Yan here. Drink a little to warm your body. The desert is cold." A laugh suddenly sounded while Xiao Yan was fiddling with the...
Chapter 949: Ten Thousand Snake Gorge
The sandy wind blew over the desolate desert as a howling sound lingered in the sky. The wind carried a wave of sand as it flew into the distance.
Some black spots gradually appeared at the end of the road. A moment later the black dots approached. It was actually a convoy. There was nearly a hundred guards with stern faces guarding the convoy. Numerous cautious gazes swept around them. Their hands were also tightly holding the weapons on their backs.
The location of this part of the desert was already approaching the external part of the northern Central Plains region. Hence one would occasionally see one or two figures. However they were extremely sparse and they disappeared within the blink of an eye. The entire road rang only with the sound of horse hooves and the eagle cries that were transmitted from the sky.
Xiao Yan was leaning on the window within a bumpy carriage. His gaze looked over the stern looking guards from the Han clan. The atmosphere today was different from the usual relaxed feeling. Even Gui Tou and the few others who were basically joking around everyday had also shut their mouths. Their hands which were holding onto their weapons tightened and relaxed repeatedly revealing the anxiety in their hearts.
"Looks...
Chapter 950: Mysterious Strong Person
The pale-black ashes slowly drifted down from the sky before forming a thin black-colored layer that covered the surface of the ground. This unusual scene caused a chill to rise within everyone"s heart. No one knew just what had happened. Even with the strength of Xia Mang he could only just stand and watch as many poisonous snakes suddenly turned to ashes. Even he was completely unaware of the reason for the unexpected change.
A strange silence covered the gorge. A countless number of poisonous snakes on both sides of the gorge appeared to have sensed an uneasiness. Their bodies were tensed up while an irritable hissing was repeatedly emitted from their mouths causing the atmosphere within the valley to become much darker and colder than before.
Han Chong"s group looked at each other. They immediately slowly stepped back the convoy and protected Han Xue at their center. Their alert eyes were locked on Xia Mang in the sky.
The silent atmosphere continued for a moment before Xia Mang finally recovered. His gaze was somewhat hesitant as he swept over the place. It landed...
Chapter 951: Spatial Strength
After leaving the Ten Thousand Snake Gorge the entire convoy had descended into a joyful atmosphere of having survived a calamity. The solemn atmosphere from earlier completely vanished. Everyone was busy talking about the scene that had occurred earlier. The frightening strength that the mysterious expert had displayed was shocking to them.
"Ha ha The fleeing manner of that bastard snake Xia Mang earlier was just like a foolish snake that had been beaten unconscious. It was really enjoyable. Although we were nearly finished off being able to see that demon snake Xia Mang with his fierce reputation being turned into such a miserable manner made it worthwhile."
"This is because of the great strength of that elder. From what Xia Mang said that elder should be an alchemist. According to my guess he should at least be a tier 6 alchemist. Otherwise it is extremely difficult for him to rely on his Spiritual Strength to frighten off Xia Mang."
"Tsk tsk a tier 6 alchemist. I recall that the chief alchemist in our Han clan is only a tier 5 alchemist no? Even though that is the case the clan head is still very courteous...
Chapter 952: Hong Clan
It was just as Han Chong had said. The journey after the Ten Thousand Snake Gorge was extremely smooth. During the remaining couple of days they did met with some small trouble but it did not cause the convoy"s speed to be reduced. Tian Bei City was also coming closer during these couple of days of traveling.
After some recuperation during these couple of days Xiao Yan"s strength had recovered by about seventy to eighty percent. The injuries that he had suffered within his body had also swiftly recovered under the double effect of Dou Qi and medicinal pills. Looking at this progress it was likely that he would recover faster than he had expected.
Of course despite the gradual recovery of his strength Xiao Yan did not reveal any of it. He liked these forthright men of the convoy and he did not wish to cause them to feel respectful toward him because of the revelation of his strength. He didn"t want them to end up becoming distant from him after adding a little something else onto the friendship they had made during these few days.
With Xiao Yan"s current strength it was likely that even Han Xue within the convoy would have difficulty discovering it if he chose to hide his aura. Moreover due to the little Spatial Strength within his body even some experts at the peak of the...
Chapter 953: Intervene
The sudden unexpected turn of events caused the situation to immediately change a little. The eyes of the Hong Mu and Hong Lie cautiously swept around them. They immediately spoke in a deep voice "Friend this is a matter between the Hong clan and the Han clan. Please give our Hong clan this face!"
Han Chong"s group was also hurriedly looking in all directions while Hong Lie"s group"s gazes were sweeping all around. At this moment they had sensed that something was not quite right. If they met with a helper the first time something happened they could attribute it to their good lucky. However they were actually able to meet with a helper at a critical juncture the second time. This... was a little illogical.
Han Xue acted differently from the surprise of Han Chong"s group. Her pretty eyes stared at that carriage. Being female she was exceptionally meticulous over some small matters. She was certain that the voice from earlier was quite similar to Xiao Yan"s voice.
"Creak..."
While the people from both parties were muttering in their hearts a soft creaking sound slowly sounded. Everyone"s gazes randomly looked over only to see a linen-clothed young...
Chapter 954: Tian Bei City
A serene fragrance was lingering within the carriage. Some hand-picked decorations decorated it giving this carriage a female"s touch. It was difficult to imagine that Han Xue who appeared cold and indifferent on the outside would actually possess the mentality of a little woman in her heart...
Xiao Yan was a little uneasy as he sat on a chair in the carriage. On the opposite side was Han Xue who was retrieving a teacup and personally filling it with tea. After which she gently pushed it in front of Xiao Yan in a somewhat unsmooth manner. From the looks of this this young lady of the Han clan had seldom done the work of waiting on others.
However it was also because of this that Xiao Yan felt uneasy. Having already gotten used to the cold indifference of Han Xue he could not really adapt to her suddenly becoming so warm within such a short period of time.
Xiao Yan held the teacup and sensed the faint warmth and remnant fragrance. He raised his eyes slightly and coincidentally collided with her pretty eyes. At that moment he involuntarily let out a bitter laugh and said "Young Lady Han please say what you wish to say."
"Call me Han Xue. I am really unworthy of this "young lady"." Han Xue also slowly sat down....
Chapter 955: Acquaintance
Han Lin was stunned when he saw these two pale-faced old man lying on the ground without showing any signs of being dead or alive. Shock flashed across his face when he recognized the two of them. He involuntarily cried out "Hong Lie? Hong Mu? Why would they end up in your hands?"
"They have come to stop us and capture me." Han Xue indifferently replied.
"This... this is done by him?" Han Lin"s face quivered a little as he looked at Xiao Yan with disbelief and asked in an extremely doubtful voice. Being a member of the Han clan he was naturally extremely familiar with Hong Lie and Hong Mu. Hence he also knew that these two fellows were genuine expert Dou Huangs. With their combined strength these two could fight against a six star Dou Huang. Did these two people really end up defeated by the hands of this young man who appeared even younger than him?
"In that case do you think that there is someone else in our group who can do this?" Han Xue seemed to dislike Han Lin a little. Hence her tone was not the least bit courteous.
After being choked by Han Xue"s words Han Lin"s expression alternated between green and white for a moment before forcefully suppressing the jealousy in his heart. If the elders in the clan knew that he treated an Honorary Guest of the clan in such a manner he would definitely be punished.
"Ke ke...
Chapter 956: Feel Out
Even with Han Yue"s character her small peach-blossom-like mouth had involuntarily widened the moment she saw the delicate and handsome face that wore an awkward smile belonging to the young man in an ordinary linen garment. A long while later she finally cried out in surprise "Xiao Yan? Why are you here?"
Xiao Yan spread his hands. It would be a long story if he were to answer that.
"Huh? Sis are you acquainted with mister Xiao Yan?" Han Xue was similarly stunned when Han Yue called out Xiao Yan"s name. The matters of this world could not be so coincidental could they?
Han Yue"s pretty eyes stared at Xiao Yan. A moment later she let out a sweet smile. Her gorgeous blooming-flower-like smile caused the tense atmosphere within the hall to lessen a little. Her beautiful eyes roamed once around Xiao Yan before she teasingly said "I am naturally acquainted with him. If we were to talk about it I can be considered his senior in school."
"Ke ke is this little brother also a student of the Inner Academy in the Jia Nan Academy? It is rumored that the requirement the Inner Academy place on accepting students is extremely strict. By being able to enter it this little brother should also be an extremely talented individual." The middle-aged man in brilliant clothes by the side smiled...
Chapter 957: Nine Turning Wind Steps
Upon hearing these words of Xiao Yan even Han Xue and Han Yue in the hall also became stunned. He would withdraw if his body was touched within ten exchanges? Although they were really confident in Xiao Yan Han Tian was ultimately a genuine eight star Dou Huang regardless of how one put it. Even if Xiao Yan"s actual strength was similar to his saying these words was really a little arrogant...
"Ke ke looks like little brother Xiao Yan really has great confidence in himself." Han Chi laughed. He was the first to recover after being stunned for a moment. Most of the people who could enter the Inner Academy were extremely talented individuals. Since Xiao Yan in front of him dared to open his mouth to say such words he either purposefully used this to escape from the matter or he was really confident in his own strength. He really hoped that it was the latter in such a situation.
"Xiao Yan... you... can you do it? Second uncle practices wind affinity Qi Methods. Agility is something that he specializes in. If you do this..." Han Yue hesitated for a moment before turning her...
Chapter 958: Zhu Gan
The smile on Han Chi"s face became even denser when he heard Xiao Yan"s words. He cupped his hands together and said "In that case I will thank little brother Xiao Yan for lending us your support. Please tell us if there is anything that you require the Han clan to do."
Although it was not impossible to find someone to defeat Hong Chen within the Han clan given its strength these people were mostly the elders of the clan. However if they were to act it was likely that those old fellows from the Hong clan would not just sit idly and watch. This matter was restricted to the younger generation. If one were to seriously talk about it there was really no one among the younger generation of the Han clan who could defeat Hong Chen. Xiao Yan"s sudden appearance at this time could be considered to have resolved a difficult situation for the Han clan.
Xiao Yan mused for a moment before speaking "I require some medicinal ingredients. The injuries within my body have yet to completely heal. During these three days I need to get myself to recover to my peak condition."
"Oh? Brother Xiao Yan is still injured?" Han Chi and the others were surprised when they heard this. Their opinion of Xiao Yan...
Chapter 959: The Location Where Yao Lao was Imprisoned
After Xiao Yan sent Han Xue out of a clean guest room in the backyard of the Han clan he shut the door and sighed in relief. Honestly speaking he really did not wish to get involved with the matter between the Han clan and the Hong clan were it not because of Han Xue and Han Yue. Of course the reason he spoke was was naturally not referring to Han Xue and Han Yue personally. Although the both of them were excellent women he was not a person whose mind was ruled by another part of his anatomy. Naturally he never had those thoughts.
"After observing Hong Chen from a distance today he does indeed have a great strength. He might be an arrogant person but it is just as the others have said. This fellow does indeed possess the qualification and capital to be arrogant." Xiao Yan came to the side of the bed before sitting crossed-legged on it. His face revealed an expression of being in deep thought.
The strength of this Han clan is definitely not like what one saw in the hall earlier. According to Xiao Yan"s expectations there were some experts from the older generation hiding behind the scene. After all for the Han Yan to be able to fight...
Chapter 960: Sky Stone Stage
Two tall figures were standing in a small yard outside of the room. A breeze blew past and their long hair fluttered revealing a moving enchantment amid a cold stunningness especially since both women"s pretty face were somewhat similar. There was an additional unique style when one looked at them.
Han Xue stretched her lazy waist after standing for a moment and seeing that there was little activity. Her perfect curves appeared extremely alluring under her silver-colored dress. After which she sat on a stone chair and placed her hands on the stone table. She held her cheeks revealing a great allure while her eyes roamed around.
Compared to the quiet Han Yue Han Xue was unable to sit still. After seeing that there was not the slightest activity within the room despite having waited for half a day she involuntarily asked "Why is he not out yet? Today is the third day. Father and the others are all preparing to head to the Sky Stone Stage."
"Why are you so anxious? Relax given my understanding of him he is not the type who has a problem being punctual. Since he has agreed to lend a hand nothing unexpected will happen no matter what." Han Yue involuntarily...
Chapter 961: Fight
"The Han clan should have a reason behind their actions. After all this match concerns the rest of Han Yue"s life..."
Private conversations around the arena suddenly sounded the moment Xiao Yan appeared. Numerous shocked gazes repeatedly swept over his body.
Hong Li"s brows were knitted slightly as he looked at the unfamiliar Xiao Yan from the seats of the Hong clan. With his understanding of the Han clan the other party would definitely not randomly find someone to die for them in this kind of situation. However if this was not the case could this young man really contend with Hong Chen?
There was an old man wearing gray-colored robes beside Hong Li. The old man had his eyes shut seemingly ignoring the noise of the outside world. His hands were hidden under his sleeves while his body leaned against the backrest of the chair. There was a green-silver-colored badge on his chest. A tower with a faint lightning glow lingering over it was drawn on the badge.
The old man opened his shut eyes upon hearing Hong Li"s words. He glanced at Xiao Yan before using a hoarse voice to faintly speak "This little fellow is also very strong. I wonder where...
Chapter 962: Lightning God Descent
Hong Chen"s entire body was covered in a layer of lightning web. Silver snakes shot in all directions. Perhaps it was because of the Secret Technique but his body had also become much stronger. Looking from a distance he appeared like a silver-colored metal pagoda that was filled with a threatening aura.
His aura soared. After continuing for a moment it finally came to a slow stop. Hong Chen"s gaze stared intently at Xiao Yan as he let out a cold laugh. His hand was clenched and a dark-black metal hammer appeared. A lightning glow lingered over the metal hammer.
This metal hammer was a treasure of the Wind Lightning Pavilion. It was named the Mighty Lightning Hammer. Its body had been created using lightning stones. If a person who practiced a lightning Qi Method used it that person"s Dou Qi would experience a strengthening effect. Adding that the lightning stone were naturally heavy it was filled with strength when one swung it. An ordinary expert would not dare to receive it head-on.
A stern expression flashed through Hong Chen"s eyes as he held the Mighty Lightning Hammer. He randomly swung it a couple of times and it was accompanied by an ear-piercing sonic boom. The sonic boom was transmitted to the ground and a couple...
Chapter 963: Exterminating Lightning Hammer
Only when the last jade-green flame shrink into Xiao Yan"s body did the soaring aura finally come to a slow stop...
Not even the slightest Dou Qi seeped from the surface of Xiao Yan"s body. However an invisible pressure swiftly spread out with Xiao Yan in the middle. This pressurizing feeling was far stronger than Hong Chen"s after he had used the Lightning God Descend. If Hong Chen was currently at the level of a nine star Dou Huang Xiao Yan should truly be at the peak of the Dou Huang class. He was merely just one step away from the Dou Zong class!
"What a powerful Secret Technique... this increase in strength is something that even the Lightning God Descent of the Wind Lightning Pavilion could not be compared with. Ke ke looks like Xue-er has really invited quite an incredible being..." Han Chi looked at Xiao Yan whose aura was vaguely similar to his from the Han clan"s seats. Surprise involuntarily surfaced on his face as he smiled and spoke to himself.
"When he was in the Inner Academy back then he had dared to intervene in a battle between Dou Haungs when he was still an ordinary Da Dou Shi. Now that a couple of years have passed his achievements would naturally be even more terrifying. Although Hong Chen is a genius he is inferior in front of Xiao Yan."...
Chapter 964: Unexpected Change
Xiao Yan had habitually revealed the Three Thousand Lightning Movement which he had kept hidden and successfully dodged the attack of this lightning beast. However his body had just paused when the lightning beast sensed something. It raised its head to the sky and cried out furious. All four of its legs violently stomped on the ground. The crack lines spread and its body once again transformed into lightning that shot toward Xiao Yan.
"Hmph!"
A cold expression flashed across Xiao Yan"s face after meeting this lightning beast a couple of times. It was likely that this skill was Hong Chen"s killing move. Its strength was indeed quite great. It was likely a Di class Dou Skill. However it seemed to require essence blood to activate. Thus once this skill was used he would descend into a weary state. In other words the current Hong Chen was no longer in possession of fighting strength. As long as Xiao Yan was able to settle this lightning beast that was transformed from the lightning Dou Qi in Hong Chen"s body this battle would end with the Hong clan losing.
Xiao Yan swiftly took a couple of steps back. His hands swiftly formed some seals as numerous afterimages...
Chapter 965: Not Qualified
The unexpected change that had occurred in the arena caused the Sky Stone Stage to become a lot quieter. Everyone looked at one another feeling uncertain about what had happened. From the way they saw it Hong Chen deserved to be seriously injured. After all the other party had let him off but he had actually launched a sneak attack. Such an ending was something that he deserved. Of course due to the strength of the Hong clan in Tian Bei City no one dared to voice the thoughts within their hearts.
"Hong Li what are all of you doing?"
Other people might not say anything but the Han clan definitely needed to step forward. Immediately a group of human figures rushed down from the tall platform before finally entering the arena and appearing beside Xiao Yan.
"Hong Li Hong Chen has already been defeated in this match today. Does the Hong clan wish to eat their words?" Han Chi furiously stared at Hong Li and coldly cried out "The Sky Stone Stage is the natural fighting ring of the Tian Bei City. One"s life and death is up to fate when one fights in this place. Don"t tell me that your Hong clan is unaware of the rules?"
Hong Li"s face twitched a little upon being reprimanded by Han Chi. The fierceness in his eyes surged...
Chapter 966: Demon Puppet Revealed
Xiao Yan"s words caused the entire arena to become stunned. Although his performance earlier was extremely shocking it seemed that it was far from sufficient for him to rely on that strength to speak to an elite peak four star Dou Zong in this manner. Actually no one could be blamed for thinking like this. With Xiao Yan"s current age most people would feel that it was a little ridiculous to believe that he could defeat a Wind Lightning Pavilion Elder who had long become renowned. Moreover Xiao Yan had also stolen the secret skill of the Wind Lightning Pavilion. The Wind Lightning Pavilion would not let him off no matter what. Most of the people present were merely adopting a mentality of watching a show play out in front of them.
Cold smiles were lifted on the faces of those from the Hong clan. From the way they saw it Xiao Yan was completely seeking death by contradicting Chen Yun in this manner.
Han Chi also laughed bitterly in his heart as he let out a sigh. He did not know why the extremely calm Xiao Yan would suddenly say such words. The strength of this Chen Yun was similar to that reclusive Grand Elder of their Han clan. Xiao Yan"s strength...
Chapter 967: Encirclement By the Hong Clan
Killing intent also flashed across Xiao Yan"s expressionless face as he looked at Hong Li striding over with a savage smile. These people from the Hong clan were indeed hateful...
"Hong Li aren"t you ashamed of attacking someone from the younger generation with your status?" Han Chi looked at the pale-faced Han Xue by the side before involuntarily crying out with a furious voice.
Hong Li momentarily paused. He glanced at Han Chi and coldly laughed "What younger generation? His strength is comparable to even those of our generation. Han Chi if your Han clan wishes to intervene you can step forward as long as you aren"t afraid of the Wind Lightning Pavilion making you repay after that. Hee hee..."
Han Chi"s face turned green upon hearing the threat within Hong Li"s words. However he really did not dare intervene. The words that Chen Yun had mentioned earlier had completely suppressed the Han clan.
The Wind Lightning Pavilion was a great being that the Han clan could not fight against.
Hong Li once again gloatingly laughed when he saw that Han Chi did not dare to make any unusual movements. He clenched his hand and...
Chapter 968: Decisive Killing
"Bang!"
A soul-stirring loud sound blasted the stage. Along with it an enormous jade-green wave of fire carried great momentum as it wildly surged out from the point where it had exploded in a flood-like manner while emitting a loud bang!
At this moment the entire Sky Stone Stage had begun to intensely tremble. Numerous arm-thick cracks spread out unceasingly from the points where the fire wave reached. The speed at which the fire wave spread was extremely quick. Within a couple of breaths it caught up with the experts from the Hong clan who had just surrounded Xiao Yan earlier. The fire wave churned and swallowed all of them like a gigantic fierce beast!
Chi Chi!
Blood spluttering sounds were emitted from within the fire wave. Immediately over a dozen figures seemed to have suffered a heavy blow as they flew backwards. Their bodies rubbed on the ground forming hundred-meter-long bloody scars that startled one"s heart.
The spreading fire wave seemed to have wrapped around over half of the Sky Stone Stage. A countless number of people rubbed the perspiration that had appeared because of the high temperature off their foreheads with trembling hands. Their lips shivered as they looked...
Chapter 969: Crazy Action
The raving roar that was filled with killing intent reverberated unceasingly over the sky of Tian Bei City like thunder causing the entire city to be momentarily quiet. Numerous gazes that faintly carried some shock were shot in the direction the voice had originated.
The roar had naturally reached the Sky Stone Stage. Immediately everyone emitted waves after waves of exclamations. Their gazes followed the direction the voice had originated in before finally pausing above the Hong clan household.
"It is actually Hong Tian Xiao. Unexpectedly he has also been stirred this time around!"
"That Xiao Yan is likely going to be unlucky this time around. That Hong Tian Xiao is rumored to be a five star Dou Zong. His strength is even greater than Chen Yun from the Wind Lightning Pavilion. Although Xiao Yan has the help of the puppet he will definitely be unable to resist the attacks of two elite Dou Zongs."
Xiao Yan ignored the private conversations around him. His fist tightened slightly. If the Little Fairy Doctor had been here or if Tian Huo zun-zhe was awake he would not need to be afraid of the ancestor of the Hong clan. Unfortunately one of his two great helpers had been separated from him while the other was in slumber. Xiao Yan really had difficulty defeating two elite Dou Zongs by just relying...
Chapter 970: Three Thousand Lightning Illusionary Body
A ray of light suddenly blazed across the completely cloudless azure sky in an extremely quick manner. The figure"s eyes swept the distant sky before taking a glance behind him. Only then did the figure slow and mutter "By unleashing the bone wing"s ability to its limit it is likely that even Hong Tian Xiao would be unable to catch up. Moreover Chen Yun has been injured by both the Earth Demon Puppet and me. At the very least he will not be able to give chase within a short period of time. Thus he need not be overly afraid. As long as that old fellow chased him alone he would let him try the strength of the Earth Demon Puppet!"
Xiao Yan"s figure once again slowed as this thought flashed through his heart. He turned his body and looked in the distant direction of Tian Bei City. However not a single figure appeared even after a while. Immediately he shook his head. This old fellow was indeed cautious. He was able to maintain his rational disposition despite being so furious. It seemed that this old fellow did indeed possess great combat experience.
"Since he is not giving chase now it is likely that he is waiting for Chen Yun to recover. That fellow is someone...
Chapter 971: Incomplete Scroll
The place that appeared in front of Xiao Yan was a lightning world. Unimaginable numbers of thunderbolts came smashing down from the empty sky like a waterfall. They carried a soul-stirring bang along with a rich Heaven"s Might.
Xiao Yan"s Spiritual Strength had just appeared in this lightning world when the numerous tilting lightning bolts seemed to have sensed him. With a "chi la" sound they cut through the air and suddenly emitted a glow covering the entire sky.
Xiao Yan"s brows were slightly knit in the face of these lightningbolts that had been shot in all directions. He knew that these were not genuine bolts of lightning but were instead things created from Spiritual Strength that had been left within the scroll. This caused him to feel some joy.
"Scatter!"
With a tap of his finger in the empty sky a powerful Spiritual Strength materialized where his finger had pressed erupting out in an unceasing manner.
The countless numbers of lightning bolts that came rushing over immediately crumbled wherever the Spiritual Strength moved. The lightning transforming into silver-colored light spots that permeated the sky before slowly turning into nothin...
Chapter 972: Monstrous Aura
Over a dozen figures were suspended in the azure sky. They were all scattered and their gazes were carefully scanning the mountain range below. These were all people who had come chasing after Xiao Yan. Each of them carried an incomparable anger and killing intent. However they were unaware of just what Xiao Yan was thinking at this moment.
"Chen Yun didn"t you say that that brat had been struck by your Blood Lightning Seal? You should be able to detect his exact spot. Where is he?" A red-clothed yellow-faced old man finally turned his head furiously demanded information from the gray-clothed old man beside him after failing to find any traces despite having searched for awhile.
Chen Yun"s expression was a little gloomy at this moment. He had sensed that his connection with the Blood Lightning Seal was weakening on his way here especially when he had just entered the area around the mountain range. That connection had been completely broken at that moment. Hence he could only rely on the route transmitted by the slight connection earlier to search. However it was a futile effort despite...
Chapter 973: Killing Chen Yun
The majestic aura rippled around Xiao Yan"s body while the entire mountain range trembled under this frightening aura. Occasionally a trembling whimper-like roar sounded softly within the mountain forest. The roar contained a terrified feeling within it.
With the powerful Spiritual Strength within Xiao Yan"s body his toes slowly left the treetop. He was suspended in the empty air in the sky. Perhaps it was because of his body being filled with too much Spiritual Strength but a silver-white color gradually surfaced in his eyes. This silver-white color became denser until his eyes basically radiated this color. Looking from a distance his original black eyes had transformed into a pair of silver-white eyes that appeared extremely cold.
The rising aura continued for a moment before it came to a slow stop. Xiao Yan lowered his head slightly and looked at Chen Yun. whose expression had drastically changed. He slowly asked "Aren"t you planning on crippling my ten fingers?"
The voice was not loud but it possessed a pressure that seemed to unroll from his spirit causing Chen Yun"s spirit to tremble as a result.
"What has this brat done? Why is it that he has suddenly become...
Chapter 974: Self Destruction of an Elite Dou Zong
Xiao Yan"s feet moved as he looked at the swelling Chen Yun who was swiftly pouncing over. His body quickly rushed into the air. At the same time his palms were opened and a thread of silver-colored spatial strength flashed and appeared.
"Spatial Seal!"
The space around Chen Yun suddenly fluctuated intensely as the soft cry sounded. It suddenly stirred an intense ripple and the invisible space immediately seemed to have become substance-like transforming into a spatial prison that wrapped around Chen Yun!
Even an ordinary five star Dou Zong would have difficulty agglomerating such a substance-like spatial prison. However Xiao Yan was able to create it after borrowing the strength of Tian Huo zun-zhe. Of course the most important reason for this was that his body already possessed a thread of spatial strength. He used it as a medium in order to maneuver the spatial strength flowing in nature.
The spatial prison had just been formed when Chen Yun"s body suddenly swelled to a frightening extent. Immediately a soul-stirring explosion suddenly appeared!
"Bang!"
A frightening energy wave wildly swept in all directions like a...
Chapter 975: Qingfeng Mountains
Enormous trees rose into the sky within a lush green mountain range. These large trees that had grown for hundreds or thousands of years were usually able to grow to a height of a couple hundred meters tall. They were the largest living beings in the mountain range. Even sunlight was blocked by their huge leaves. Hardly anyone was present in this place. Occasionally the roar of a Magical Beast would appear frightening off the many birds resting in the forest. The panicked fluttering of wings would form a white figure that spread over the sky appearing majestic.
There was a tall mountain peak that jutted into the sky within the vast mountain range. The mountain peak was not very large but it was extremely steep. Its walls were nearly vertical and its precipitous mountain peak was extremely smooth. Unless it could fly an ordinary Magical Beast would have difficulty ascending it.
u"Clouds lingered over the peak of the mountain while a young man sat cross-legged on it. A silver-colored human figure was sitting straight beside the young man. The figure"s body did not move even a little while its empty-hole-like..."
Chapter 976: Nine Star Dou Huang
Clouds lingered over the mountain peak as space rippled. Wave after wave of mottled energy swiftly appeared. It surged into the body of the young man seated on the edge of the mountain peak from all directions. Faced with this endless pouring in of energy Xiao Yan"s body also appeared like a bottomless pit. It did not show any sign of being filled regardless of how the energy poured into him.
Xiao Yan had already maintained this state for three days ever since he had consumed the Mighty Huang Pill. His body was just like an unmoving rock during these three days. Only the repeatedly rotating energy swirl above his head on the mountain peak emitted a soft howling sound.
The enormous medicinal strength of the Mighty Huang Pill within Xiao Yan"s body had already transformed into surging Dou Qi that flowed like floodwater within Xiao Yan"s veins. Moreover there was an unceasing amount of natural energy surging in from nature. It was refined by the "Heavenly Flame" transforming into pure Dou Qi that merged into this large cluster of energy.
Although there was a large quantity of natural energy the remaining pure Dou Qi that Xiao Yan absorbed was of a small quantity after numerous refinements....
Chapter 977: A Very Dangerous Place
A human figure was standing above a lush green sea of trees. His gaze looked to the northern sky and his brows were knit slightly as sunlight landed on his face. At this moment the face of this expert suddenly revealed hesitation and regret. It was likely that this expression would cause his opponents to feel extremely shocked. This unusually merciless person could actually make such an expression.
The Han clan being held under house arrest by the Wind Lightning Pavilion was indeed something that Xiao Yan had not expected. After all regardless of how one put it the Han clan possessed quite some weight within Tian Bei City. Moreover they did not intervene in this matter. Unexpectedly the bastards from the Wind Lightning Pavilion were acting in such a despicable way.
The aim of the Wind Lightning Pavilion by spreading news that the the Han clan was held under house arrest was something obvious not even worth mentioning. They wanted to force Xiao Yan to reveal himself and rescue them. Xiao Yan was certain that Tian Bei City was likely already occupied by the experts from the Wind Lightning...
Chapter 978: Nine Heavenly Lightning Prison Formation
The ray of light broke through the air and arrived appearing much like a falling star swiftly crossing the sky. Within the blink of an eye it appeared in the sky above Tian Bei City and transformed into a somewhat skinny figure.
"Ao!"
Tian Bei City had gradually become much dimmer and more solemn when the figure appeared. The majestic storm under the dark clouds had transformed the place into a world of water.
The storm came pouring down and landed on the buildings emitting a clear sound as it did so. In an instant the entire city emitted a continuous ticking sound. Although the rain had come quite suddenly hardly anyone entered the buildings. Numerous human figures were under the storm as their somewhat heated gazes stared at the figure in the sky. Many people did not expect this young man called Xiao Yan to reveal himself despite clearly knowing that Tian Bei City was already an extremely dangerous place...
At this moment quite a number of those who raised their heads felt a little respect. There was no need to talk about anything else. Just the courage of this fellow was sufficient to cause them to raise their thumbs.
Xiu!...
Chapter 979: Thunder God"s Fury
Thunderbolts came pouring down from all around one after another. The silver-colored lightning seemed to be swimming around like small white-colored snakes. All of them repeatedly emitted glaring glows. These lightning bolts contained an enormous amount of strength that existed in a fashion visible to the naked eye. The world could easily break amid the flashing lightning and thunderous roars.
Bang bang bang bang bang bang. The thunder came without stopping. A moment later Xiao Yan slowly raised his head and looked at the thick dark clouds which had almost been dyed silver. An extremely frightening energy was gathered inside it. It appeared that this Wind Lightning Northern Pavilion had really taken out a great capital in order to capture him. They had even used such a great formation.
"Using the Han clan as hostages and forcing you out is indeed something that is not the style of our Wind Lightning Pavilion. The matter today might end up causing us to be criticized. Hence it will also be the last time. However we must capture you. We will not allow the Three Thousand Lightning Movement to be used by an outsider!"
"Regardless of who wins today the Han...
Chapter 980: Fire Lotus Might
Bright glaring light energy appeared like a sun which suddenly appeared in the sky. The intensity of the light had basically caused this weather which had become a little dim because of the thunderclouds to become extremely bright.
The strength of such a glow had far exceeded the fiery hot sun in the distant sky! Just what kind of intense glow was this? It was likely that no one in this world had seen such an intense light. A person"s eyes would likely only see a complete whiteness. This place seemed completely empty causing everyone"s hearts to be startled...
The loud rumbling thunder appeared just like the roar of a thunder god that reverberated over the sky. However the expected soul-stirring explosion did not appear. The spot where the three-colored lotus made contact with the enormous lightning fist had numerous spatial folds that were visible to the naked eye. The two extremely frightening energies were quietly eroding each other.
Along with the erosion of the two frightening energies a half foot wide black hole slowly appeared. The space where the two energies collided could not endure the other"s presence and ended up forming some spatial cracks.
The spatial...
Chapter 981: Killing Hong Tian Xiao
Fiery-red Dou Qi appeared just like a fire as it emitted some heat and wrapped Hong Tian Xiao within it. His hand was holding a scimitar that was over ten feet long. It danced in a mighty manner as it carried a blade glow that contained a hot wind and whizzed out. They immediately hacked at the Earth Demon Puppet"s body.
"Clang! Clang!"
The scimitar violently hacked at the body of the Earth Demon Puppet. Under the full strength of Hong Tian Xiao some scars appeared on the silver surface of the puppet"s body. However no fresh blood flowed out. The Earth Demon Puppet appeared to be completely unaware of these wounds on its body as its powerful fist carried a low deep sonic boom that smashed toward Hong Tian Xiao. This caused Hong Tian Xiao to appear a little miserable as he tried to dodge. After all he was not immune to all sorts of pain like the Earth Demon Puppet.
The corner of Hong Tian Xiao"s eyes drifted toward the figure that was slowly stepping through the empty air. His originally ugly face had become much darker. With a furious cry the large blade in front of him danced and formed a wild wind. Sharp blade glows emitted "shua shua" sounds as they threw the Earth Demon Puppet"s fist aside.
"Fire Splitting Blade...
Chapter 982: Remnant Spiritual Imprint
Xiao Yan"s figure paused for a moment in the sky outside of Tian Bei City before letting out a sigh. His figure turned and transformed into a ray of light that rushed to the distant sky. Xiao Yan"s flying speed was very quick. Currently Xiao Yan was no longer stingy with his strength. Instead the thing he was about to do was the first problem he needed to consider.
After flying for nearly a few hundred kilometers Xiao Yan"s body suddenly shook. That majestic aura that permeated his body immediately scattered in a swift manner appearing like a sponge losing water.
"Time"s up..."
Xiao Yan involuntarily laughed as he sensed the swiftly weakening strength of his body. It seemed that he really needed to strengthen himself. His gaze swept in all directions before his body moved and landed on a mountain peak below with strange rock ruins.
"The strength that you displayed this time around is too fierce. This has resulted in some injuries appearing in your body. You should quickly recuperate. Otherwise a sequelae might be left behind. Moreover you should use my Spiritual Strength as little as possible unless it is a critical moment. During...
Chapter 983: Heavenly Mountain Blood Pool
Bone Transforming City a city not smaller than Tian Bei City. However it was quite far from Tian Bei City. It was barely outside of the Wind Lightning Pavilion"s influence.
This city was controlled by a faction called the Bone Transforming Gate. Although there were many other factions beneath it all of them had difficulty contending with the Bone Transforming Gate. Moreover this Bone Transforming Gate did things in a moderate manner. Although it would occupy a lion"s share it would not swallow all the profits that existed. Hence it had always been the overlord of the Bone Transforming City during these years. There was seldom any factions who would stand up and challenge them.
The chief of Bone Transforming Gate practiced a water affinity Qi Method and was a little unusual. Hidden force would unknowingly enter his opponent"s body before it would gently disperse. If one were to be struck by this force one"s bone would even show signs of weakening. Hence the Bone Transforming Gate was renowned even among the surrounding cities.
This city was also the first place Xiao Yan had stopped to rest after starting his crazy journey from Tian Bei City. During his journey he went in the deep mountains...
Chapter 984: Tian Lei Zi
Xiao Yan tidied up his room a little the morning of the next day. After which he walked out of the room. He did not start his journey right away. Instead he walked to the second floor of the inn and randomly found a chair close to a window to sit in.
There were many people in the second story of the inn. It could be considered a place filled with all sorts of people. This place was usually where a great amount of news was passed around. Thus one would usually find it extremely easy to learn some news here. Additionally one would not end up stirring any attention from others. Xiao Yan asked for a pot of sake. While he poured it and took a sip his ears were absorbing all of the conversations amid the noise.
It was just as he had expected. The current focus of the entire Bone Transforming City was on the Heavenly Mountain Blood Pool. The faces of quite a number of people turned red when mentioning it. A dense greed was present on their faces. It seemed that the allure of the Heavenly Mountain Blood Pool was really too great. However how could such a treasure be encroached upon by these people? They were merely just whining in this place.
"It is rumored that the Wind Lightning Pavilion...
Chapter 985: Chased With Killing Intent
A ray of light rushed outside Bone Transforming City in a lightning-like manner. In the blink of an eye it charged into the mountain range that was outside of the city.
Xiao Yan activated his bone wings to their maximum strength raising his speed to a frightening extent. His expression was a little gloomy as his figure rushed forward. Although he did not sense Fei Tian giving chase he did not think that young-looking old fellow would give up so easily.
"Just how did this old fellow find me? I have been traveling through the deep mountains and old forests during this period of time. It is impossible for the people from the Wind Lightning Pavilion to discover me."
Some doubt appeared in Xiao Yan"s heart as his figure flashed. The northern region of the Central Plains was so large. Regardless of how capable Fei Tian was it was impossible for this person to find him in a sea of people without reason. Moreover looking at his manner earlier it was clear that this person was already aware of his position. Could he have been discovered by the spies from the Wind Lightning Pavilion when he had entered the city yesterday?...
Chapter 986: Unravel
The space in the sky above a lush green mountain range fluctuated. Soon after a silver-colored figure slowly appeared.
Fei Tian"s expression suddenly changed as his figure appeared. He discovered that the thread of spiritual feeling had been split into four. Moreover each of them was flying in a different direction.
"Has he discovered it... this brat is actually willing to abandon such a treasure..."
The smile on Fei Tian"s face slowly turned gloomy. The reason he had been able to accurately tell Xiao Yan"s location earlier was because he was relying on the special imprint within those four scrolls. It was unexpected that this was also discovered by Xiao Yan. Moreover they were abandoned in such a decisive fashion.
Fei Tian"s gaze was gloomy as he ltared off into the distance in front of him. He knew that Xiao Yan was fleeing that way. However if he were to continue giving chase it was likely that those four Three Thousand Lightning Illusionary Body would fall into the hands of others. Thus there would be some other troubles. If he were to allow Xiao Yan to escape however he would have difficulty calming his anger. Moreover he was also extremely interested in the...
Chapter 987: Bitter Training in the Forest
A human figure concealed under dense tree branches within a thick forest revealed a pair of eyes that stared intently at the sky. His aura was completely hidden under a majestic Spiritual Strength.
Although Xiao Yan had escaped the area Fei Tian could sense him he clearly knew just how frightening this old fellow"s speed was. Hence he immediately changed directions after having left the scope of Fei Tian"s sensing abilities and had swiftly entered the forest. After which he borrowed Tian Huo zun-zhe"s strength and perfectly hid his aura.
It had been over ten minutes since Xiao Yan had concealed himself in this place. During this period of time he had remained as still as a statue. His entire body was covered by lush green leaves. This along with the concealment of his aura would likely make it extremely difficult for Fei Tian to detect him despite his great strength.
Such a quiet wait continued for a couple of minutes when the distant sky suddenly rippled. Immediately a ferocious-looking Fei Tian appeared. His dense gaze slowly swept over the forest below before letting out a furious roar. With a violent wave of his sleeve a majestic Dou...
Chapter 988: Rank 7 Gray Wolf King
A small silver stream flowed down from the top of a mountain within a quiet forest thriving in the lush green mountain range. The silent atmosphere caused the area around the small stream to be filled with a peaceful atmosphere.
"Bang!"
However this silence did not last for long before an enormous black figure shot out of the forest. It landed on the ground but continued to rub across it forming a long scar on the rock surface around the small stream. Only then did it come to a slow stop. The large savage Magical Beast filled with a fierce aura struggled a couple of times before completely losing its life force. There was a charred black scar on its abdomen.
The sudden activity caused some of the Magical beast around the small stream to hurriedly withdraw in shock. This was especially the case after they saw the Magical Beast that had collapsed on the ground. Their intelligence mad them involuntarily withdraw at an even faster rate. Whether it was a human or a Magical Beast the one who could defeat the Great Land Demon Bear which was the strongest within a hundred kilometer radius was definitely an extremely...
Chapter 989: The Three Large Clans of the Magical Beast World
"Heaven Phoenix Demon Wings?"
Xiao Yan was startled when he heard the shocked exclamation that was emitted from the Gray Wolf King"s mouth. His gaze immediately turned to the bone wings on his back. Both of his eyes narrowed as demanded "Do you know what these are?"
The Gray Wolf King gradually recovered after the shock lasted for awhile. His gaze carried some fear as he looked at Xiao Yan. Both of his feet swiftly withdrew. Although the flesh and the feathers on the bones had already disappeared the special scent that was contained within the bone wings allowed him to immediately identify them. Back then he had once seen a genuine Heaven Demon Phoenix. The pressure that originated from deep within his soul and bloodline had become a memory that he would never forget in his lifetime.
"Where did you obtain this pair of Heaven Phoenix Demon Wings?" The Gray Wolf King"s eyes stared intently at Xiao Yan while he spoke in a solemn manner. From the looks of the bone wings they should have originated from a dead Heaven Demon Phoenix. However the Heaven Demon Phoenix was a peak existence within the Magical Beast world. Although they were quite small in numbers each of them possessed an extremely frightening strength and heir potential...
Chapter 990: Tempering the Avatar
A bonfire was emitting a faint fire seedling within the dark forest. Light spread causing the forest within a hundred meter radius to be dyed with a faint-red glow.
Xiao Yan was seated cross-legged beside the bonfire. The light from the flame lit up his face and seemed to have covered his body with a layer of faint-red yarn. At this moment both of his eyes were tightly shut. The fire seal between his eyebrows was emitting a faint weak light.
This silence continued awhile before Xiao Yan suddenly opened both of his eyes. An invisible energy surged from between his brows. It swiftly wiggled beside him and transformed into a human figure. Moreover the appearance of this person seemed like a replica of Xiao Yan.
Xiao Yan turned his head to look at this avatar. He could vaguely see the light that was emitted from the flame through its body.
"The strength of this avatar should be only at the Dou Ling class. Moreover the time it can exist is too short. If it was someone with sharp eyes the person would be able to tell what it is at a glance." Xiao Yan frowned and softly muttered.
According to the training method within...
Chapter 991: Arriving at the Heaven Eye Mountain Range
Near the lush greenery at the end of the mountain range a skinny figure slowly walked out of the dim forest. Following the appearance of this figure a foul bloody taste was slowly emitted. The Magical Beast that sniffed this blood stench within a radius of five kilometer hurriedly withdrew appearing as though they had suffered a shock.
Walking through this mountain range had consumed nearly twenty days of Xiao Yan"s time. He had also camped in the wild for twenty days. Although it was quite tough the vast forest was indeed a good place to hone a person. Currently Xiao Yan"s appearance was somewhat miserable with the blood of various Magical Beasts messily scattered over his clothes and his hair. He looked just like a barbarian. The earlier dangerous feeling about him had basically disappeared at this moment. However when his dark-black eyes were raised a sensitive person would be able to sense that the feeling of danger did not actually disappear. Instead it was hidden within Xiao Yan"s bones...
The appearance of a person who looked inconspicuous...
Chapter 992: Miss Feng
The enormous colorful crane flapped its wings. In the blink of an eye it carried a wild wind as it appeared around the Heaven Eye Mountain Range. In an instant almost all the gazes of those present turned to the sky without any prior agreement. The name of Miss Feng from the Wind Lightning Pavilion was quite well-known in the northern region of the Central Plains. Many people knew that this woman"s training talent was extraordinary and she had been taken as the last disciple of the eastern pavilion chief of the Wind Lightning Pavilion. It was rumored that she had the highest chance to become the eastern pavilion head among the younger generation.
The strength of the Wind Lightning Pavilion could be considered among the top even in the Central Plains. Whoever could control the faction would definitely find their status soar. Moreover quite a number of people involuntarily felt envious of this Miss Feng. Such a level was something that an ordinary person would have difficulty achieving even if one worked hard their entire life.
Xiao Yan also sat down cross-legged in a treetop. His eyes were narrowed as he stared at the enormous colorful crane in the sky from a distance....
Chapter 993: Brief Fight
The enormous mountain range was covered in fog appearing just like a Magical Beast from ancient times at this moment. Numerous deep rumbling sounds were emitted from the sky of the mountain range. Accompanying the appearance of these loud sounds was a vast energy that came from all directions.
"Boom!"
The vast energy churned quickly within the dense fog. In the end it emitted a sound similar to the churning of ocean waves. This strange scene caused quite a number of people to let out an exclamation. Nature was indeed filled with mysteries.
The enormous energy tide accompanied the surging. A moment later it charged through the clouds and spread in a crashing manner. This tide shocked some of the people who had remained in the sky forcing them to rush down. If they were to be swept away by the frightening energy tide even an elite Dou Zong would likely be hurt even if they did not die.
The enormous energy tide turned into a colorful one.. Under the sunlight it appeared just like an incomparably spacious river. It hung in the sky looking extremely gorgeous. However under its brilliance hid a fatal danger.
Wave after wave of colorful energy spread out...
Chapter 994: Black Clothed Man
"Xiao Yan? He is the Xiao Yan who killed Chen Yun?"
Numerous stunned gazes were looking at the young man a short distance away within a forest that was permeated by fog. The name Xiao Yan had been spread wildly during this period of time. It was rare that someone from the younger generation could force an expert like Fei Tian to personally act. Moreover the thing that was even more shocking was that this person was able to escape from Fei Tian"s hands. This really stunned many people. There was hardly anyone within the northern region of the Central Plains who did not know just how terrifying that old demon Fei Tian was.
Xiao Yan eyebrows merely knit together in the face of the many gazes that contained various emotions from around him. His arm shook and the colorful satin in his hand was shot back before it was withdrawn into the sleeves of the colorfully dressed lady.
"You can walk your own path and I will take my own route. If you don"t disturb me I will also not attack you..." Xiao Yan stared at the colorfully dressed lady as he slowly spoke. He could sense that the strength of this lady was quite great. Moreover had been picked as the most probable candidate for the position...
Chapter 995: Old Acquaintance
Xiao Yan ceased hiding after seeing that he had been discovered. He revealed himself swept his gaze over the black-clothed man and said "I am only passing by. There is no need to be anxious."
The eyes of the black-clothed man coldly studied Xiao Yan. The other party"s age seemed to be a little younger than him. However based on his sharp senses honed from having fought with others for many years the man could vaguely sense a slight dangerous feeling from Xiao Yan. His heart was slightly startled. Although he clearly knew that those who could arrive at this place at such a time definitely had some skills there were not many who could cause him to feel a little danger.
"I am Tang Ying from the Ten Thousand Sword Pavilion. You seem a little unfamiliar. May I know which faction do you belong to or which clan do you come from?" The black-clothed young man cupped his hands to Xiao Yan as he inquired. He had heard about a little of the experts from the younger generation within the Central Plains. However this was indeed the first time whom he had seen the person in front of him. Therefore he had asked in a more detailed fashion. It...
Chapter 996: Meeting Nalan Yanran Again
Over a dozen Moonlight Stones were inserted into the surrounding tree trunks of an empty area within the forest. The light that they emitted caused this area to appear quite bright. The dense fog had also been scattered by the big battle that had occurred earlier. Hence it had resulted in this place becoming much more visible.
There were five figures in the empty ground. Four were male and one was female. Their strengths were all quite great. Clearly they were not weaklings. Moreover this kind of aura was not something that an ordinary person could emit. The five auras were similarly strong.
One of the four men was wearing deep-yellow clothing. Additionally there was a knife scar on his face. He was currently sitting on a tree branch leaning against the tree trunk. His gaze lazily swept over the place below as he faintly said "Hurry up..."
The other three men on the ground hurriedly nodded their heads upon hearing this person speak. The three of them were wearing yellow-colored robes and wore a similar badge on their chests. It seemed that they belonged to the same faction.
"Hand over the Psychic White Fox. It is not as though we have...
Chapter 997: Wang Chen
Xiao Yan smiled slightly as he looked at the pretty face filled with disbelief. His voice had become much gentler as he softly asked "Are you alright?"
Those matters back then had completely vanished the moment the Misty Cloud Sect had disband. Xiao Yan was not a narrow-minded person. He had gradually forgotten those matters. When he recalled them now he could only describe them as the frivolousness of youth.
Nalan Yanran was also a little startled at the gentle manner in which Xiao Yan spoke. She had seldom seen Xiao Yan speak to her in such a calm manner. After all she was aware of just what kind of trouble and harm that the events back then had brought to this prideful man.
"I"m fine... thank you."
Nalan Yanran"s pretty eyes flickered slightly while she shook her head and softly replied.
"It seems that this friend really want to act like a hero rescuing a beauty." The expressions of the three yellow-clothed men sank when they saw Xiao Yan ignore them right from the beginning. The one who called himself Huang Tian earlier confronted him with a gloomy voice.
"Get lost."
Xiao Yan did not shift his eyes even a little as he softly spoke. After which he slowly...
Chapter 998: Maze
Xiao Yan involuntarily laughed as he stared at the spot where Wang Chen had disappeared. He was indeed worthy of being a person from the four pavilions. It was unexpected that his vicious words were so similar to the others.
Behind Xiao Yan Nalan Yanran looked at Wang Chen who had swiftly withdrawn after only a brief exchange. Her pretty eyes contained some shock. Wang Chen"s name was quite well-known. One could hardly find anyone who was a match for him in the same generation. Moreover this fellow was bloodthirsty and addicted to fights. Additionally he had an outstanding training talent and his strength grew extremely quickly. By relying on the strength of the Yellow Spring Pavilion he liked to fight with some experts of the Dou Zong class. The other person being afraid of the Yellow Spring Pavilion"s strength was afraid of really killing him. Hence Wang Chen"s name became more and more renowned as time passed. In the end there was even rumors of him possessing the strength to fight with a Dou Zong. No one knew whether this rumor was real...
Regardless of whether it was real the strength of this Wang Chen was something that there was no need to doubt. However Nalan Yanran did not expect...
Chapter 999: A Murder Arising From A White Fox
The tense atmosphere was broken following the savage cry. The struggle within the eyes of quite a number of people was replaced by a dense greed at this moment. The Heaven Mountain Blood Pool possessed an enormous allure to them. However if they did not have the Psychic White Fox to lead the way it was impossible for them to break out of the maze. Hence... although they clearly knew that Xiao Yan was strong they could only go all out and risk it because of the allure of the Heaven Mountain Blood Pool!
"Bang!"
The greed in everyone"s eyes had just appeared when deep muffled sound suddenly appeared. Immediately everyone was stunned to see the human figure that was the first to charge forward flew back like a kite whose string had been cut. Finally the figure violently collided with an enormous tree. The powerful force caused the enormous tree to form a couple of fist-sized cracks. The towering tree also began to wobble.
"Grug."
The human figure that landed on the ground immediately spat out a mouthful of fresh blood. His expression had instantaneously turned pale. His gaze contained a little...
Chapter 1000: Heaven Mountain Stage
Xiao Yan"s eyes stared intently at the humble-looking gray-clothed old man. A moment later he finally smiled cupped his hands together and politely inquired "This old sir should be an elder of the Gold Swallowing Mouse Tribe right?"
The Heaven Eye Mountain Range had the effect of suppressing any overly strong person from entering it yet the strength of this old man in front of him had already exceeded this limit. It was likely that he was not someone from the outside world. In that case he ought to be a local expert. Additionally the entire Heaven Eye Mountain was the territory of the Gold Swallowing Mouse Tribe. It was likely that this person was someone from the Gold Swallowing Mouse Tribe.
The gray-robed old man was startled upon hearing this. He leaped down from the tree branch. He looked over Xiao Yan once before smiling and saying "Little fellow"s eyesight is indeed quite good."
Xiao Yan smiled. Having remembered what Nalan Yanran had told him earlier Xiao Yan would naturally not say anything to offend this member of the Gold Swallowing Mouse Tribe. Moreover this person was quite strong and likely possessed a high position...
Chapter 1001: Mouse Tide Sound Array
Two human figures slowly descended from the air landing on the platform. The figures who appeared were Xiao Yan and Nalan Yanran. They were the last to arrive.
The appearance of these two people naturally attracted quite a lot of attention from those present. Numerous gazes shot toward these two people. However most of them with the exception of a few were not acquainted with Xiao Yan and Nalan Yanran. Although Xiao Yan"s name had spread far because of the recent grudge he had with the Wind Lightning Pavilion there was still a little gap between him and Miss Feng Tang Ying and the other outstanding individuals from the younger generation in the hearts of some people.
Xiao Yan appeared to have not sensed these gazes. His eyes swept over the place. Upon seeing that there were nearly twenty figures present his heart was involuntarily a little startled. It was unexpected that these people"s speed was all so fast. He was unable to catch up with them despite traveling through the night...
Of course most of the reason for this was because Xiao Yan was unfamiliar with the route. The people present mostly had a great understanding of the Heaven Eye Mountain Range. Moreover they were also clearly aware of some...
Chapter 1002: Breaking Through The Checkpoint
The atmosphere on the platform became tense the moment Jin Shi uttered those words. The countless numbers of enormous gold-colored mice around the rock stairs suddenly emitted a strange glow. Numerous eyes stared intently at the entrance of the rock stairs. The gold-colored hair on their bodies also began to stand on end appearing just like a hedgehog.
For an instant no one dared to randomly charge in after seeing the army of Gold Swallowing Mouse solemnly waiting. The great number was one that no one was aware of. Moreover most of the people present were clearly aware of just what the sonic wave attack of the Gold Swallowing Mouse consisted of. That was something which was extremely difficult to block against. During the fight for the Heaven Mountain Blood Pool back then these beasts had caused many experts to suffer.
"All of you only have one hour"s time. Those who fail to reach the mountain peak within an hour will be deemed to have failed." Jin Shi did not press everyone when he saw that they were quiet. All he did was speak these words in an indifferent manner.
The expressions of quite a number of people changed upon hearing these words....
Chapter 1003: Mu Qing Luan
Xiao Yan brought Nalan Yanran and walked toward the front of the platform. At this moment Tang Ying had also coincidentally walked out from the crowd. His gaze glanced at Feng Qing Er at the end of the rock stairs before turning his head to Jin Shi. He cupped his hands together and said "Ten Thousand Sword Pavilion disciple Tang Ying greets elder Jin Shi."
Jin Shi nodded his head slightly. His gaze swept over Tang Ying. The other party"s sword aura caused him to slightly nod his head. These four pavilions really lived up to their reputation. The disciples they groomed were all people with great abilities. With such a perfect method to groom new blood it was little wonder that they were able to possess such a position in the Central Plains.
Tang Ying slapped the large blue-colored sword on his back after the greeting. It emitted a "clang" sound as it automatically flew out. Finally the sword was suspended in front of Tang Ying. A sharp sword aura permeated out causing quite a number of people to feel a chill. At the same time Tang Ying"s toes pressed on the ground and his body gently landed on the ...
Chapter 1004: Sonic Wave Face Off
After Xiao Yan"s feet stepped onto the rock stairs the densely packed Gold Swallowing Mice around the rock stairs immediately opened their eyes. The hair on their bodies stood erect as a powerful sonic wave suddenly appeared causing the energy in this place to swiftly fluctuate.
Nalan Yanran clenched her silver teeth after seeing Xiao Yan enter the rock stairs. She merely lifted her head and followed.
"Follow me!"
Xiao Yan"s gaze stared intently at the Gold Swallowing Mice around the rock stairs. An instant later his throat suddenly emitted a low roar. His feet stomped violently on the ground after his roar sounded and he transformed into a light figure which shot toward the mountain top in a lightning-like manner. Behind him Nalan Yanran also stimulated her Dou Qi to its limit and did her best to increase her speed while following close behind Xiao Yan.
The people on the platform as well as on the mountain top also swiftly threw their gazes over when they saw Xiao Yan and Nalan Yanran begin. Since the beginning there had not been a precedent of people successfully passing the checkpoint in groups of two or more individuals. Everyone clearly...
Chapter 1005: The Whereabouts of Feng Zun-zhe
The mouse tide sonic wave that came from all directions completely scattered. Finally they spread all over the place in a chaotic fashion. In an instant the forest around the rock stairs suffered. The sonic wave were just like blades which completely cut the many trees right through the middle amid "swash swash" sounds.
Xiao Yan looked at the mouse tide sonic wave that faced a total defeat from the sky. He was also a little stunned. His heart clearly understood that the reason he was able to achieve such an effect was likely because of the thread of dragon aura he had obtained from the Yin-Yang Mysterious Dragon Pill. Otherwise with just the level of the Lion Tiger Gold Shattering Roar it was definitely impossible to achieve such a shocking effect even if it could fight against such a great sonic wave.
"I have never discovered such a benefit during my fight with humans. This dragon aura seems to pose greater harm to Magical Beasts." Xiao Yan"s gaze swept over the surroundings of the rock stairs. He had begun to tremble upon discovering the countless numbers of Gold Swallowing Mouse. The fierceness from earlier had completely disappeared....
Chapter 1006: Transaction
The attempt to breakthrough the sonic wave checkpoint had gradually reached the end by the time Xiao Yan returned to the rock platform. The thing that caused him to be stunned was that three people had successfully reached the mountain top during this short period of time. Thus there were nine people on the rock platform. However after putting aside the two spots for the Gold Swallowing Mouse there were only eight spots for the Heaven Mountain Blood Pool remaining. In other words there was one person among the nine of them who would lose the opportunity to enter the Heaven Mountain Blood Pool.
Xiao Yan looked at the person who was the last to charge through the checkpoint after landing on the rock platform. After which he sensed the strength of the sonic wave and involuntarily frowned. It seemed that the current sonic wave was much weaker than before.
Xiao Yan"s heart contained some doubt as he fell deep into thought. A moment later he looked at the somewhat weary-looking Gold Swallowing Mouse and immediately understood the reason. He let out a bitter laugh. It was unexpected that the people behind him had...
Chapter 1007: Bottom Of The Blood Pool
Jin Shi heaved a sigh of relief upon hearing Xiao Yan"s words. He exchanged glances with Jin Gu by the side. He hesitated for a moment before he slowly uttered "The Heaven Blood Mountain Pool does indeed possess some miraculous effect of aiding one to breakthrough the bottleneck. However the chances of this occurring are not very great. Moreover it is only effective to some experts who have remained at the peak of the Dou Huang class for some time. However looking at your strength it is likely that it has only been a short period of time since you advanced to a nine star Dou Huang. Hence even if you enter the Heaven Mountain Blood Pool it would be quite difficult for you if you intend to rely on it to breakthrough to the Dou Zong class."
Xiao Yan nodded. He also felt some doubt within his heart. He valued this Heaven Mountain Blood Pool. Otherwise he would not have taken the risk of being captured by the Wind Lightning Pavilion to head over to this place.
"What method does elder Jin Shi have in mind?" Xiao Yan"s finger gently tapped on the rock table. He suppressed the earlier turbulence in his heart as he softly inquired.
"The mouth of the...
Chapter 1008: Entering the Blood Pool
The sudden unexpected change in situation caused everyone present to become startled. By the time they had recovered they only saw the white-clothed man on the ground. The hearts of everyone other than Feng Qing Er"s four person group felt a chill. Their gazes contained an additional fear when looking at Xiao Yan.
The white-clothed man"s body collapsed on an enormous rock. His body was covered with blood traces and was involuntarily twitching. The punch from Xiao Yan earlier might not have taken his life but it had left him unable to move. With his strength as a seven star Dou Huang it was impossible for him to forcefully endure a punch from Xiao Yan.
Xiao Yan"s eyes swept indifferently over this fellow. He slowly turned around and the coldness of his face swiftly melted. He grinned to everyone else and softly asked "Isn"t there the right number of people now?"
Feng Qing Er"s gaze swept over Xiao Yan"s face. She coldly laughed "You are extremely overbearing. It is likely that my Wind Lightning Pavilion cannot be compared with you when it comes to doing such things."
Xiao Yan merely...
Chapter 1009: Hidden Training In the Blood Pool!
The first thing Xiao Yan felt after charging into the Blood Pool was the pure energy with an unbelievable density. Jade-green Dou Qi lingered around his body completely isolating the blood-colored liquid around him in the process. He did not absorb the energy in this place. Instead he swam toward the bottom of the Blood Pool after pausing for a moment.
The red liquid in the Blood Pool was quite viscous. It was just like fresh blood. Visibility had shortened this place. Even when one swam one would sense quite a strong resistance. Moreover the thing that caused Xiao Yan to be stunned was that his Spiritual Strength had difficulty penetrating the blood-red liquid. This feeling was just like the strange maze fog that he had met in the forest earlier.
Although his Spiritual Strength had difficulty penetrating the blood-red-colored liquid Xiao Yan could still vaguely sense that there was something crazily absorbing the energy within the Blood Pool not far from him. Clearly that should be Feng Qing Er and...
Chapter 1010: Soul Refining Effect
The dark-fiery-red bottom of the Blood Pool was completely silent. Everything was progressing amid this silence. Even time seemed to have lost its purpose in such a place.
A jade-green color was vaguely visible within the fiery-redness. It was exceptionally eye-catching. If one were to take a closer look a figure seated cross-legged would finally be revealed. Naturally that figure was Xiao Yan who had entered the Blood Pool to train.
Xiao Yan had never exited his training state ever since he had entered it. He was just like an old monk maintaining an immovable posture as he absorbed the vast and mighty energy from around him. After which he used it to refine his veins bones muscles and even cells.
A dark-red-blood color covered every single inch of Xiao Yan"s body. Even his face was filled with this blood color. At a glance Xiao Yan appeared savage. However it was fortunate that there were no other people present other than him. Hence no one saw this scene.
By estimating the time Xiao Yan should...
Chapter 1011: Breakthrough! Dou Zong!
A wild gale raged outside of the volcano"s mouth whistling repeatedly as it did so. Two old figures were standing with their hands behind them in a rock pavilion not far from the mouth of the volcano.
"It has already been two and a half months..." Jin Shi knit his brows and looked to the mouth of the volcano. The Heaven Mountain Blood Pool at that spot had already fallen from its filled condition back then to an extremely shallow level. Moreover the blood color within the liquid had become much paler. At a glance it did not appear much different from ordinary lake water. The energy within it had also paled to a level that was impossible to absorb.
Jin Gu by the side also bitterly laughed when he heard this. He immediately said with some hesitation "Could something have happened? The Heaven Mountain Fire Poison below is overly dense. Even I do not dare to proceed too deep..."
"That should not be the case. Although the Heaven Mountain Fire Poison is extremely fierce it does not pose much of a threat to a "Heavenly Flame"." Jin Shi shook his head and spoke in a deep voice. For some unknown reason however...
Chapter 1012: Seeing Yao Lao Again
The skinny figure stood in the sky. His body did not move but his majestic aura was enough to cause this area to tremble.
Dou Zong the true point when one could be considered a genuine expert on the continent. Only by successfully reaching this level would one gain the prerequisite that allowed one to survive in the Central Plains. Currently Xiao Yan had reached this step at such an age. This achievement was impressive.
Rain poured down from the sky in all directions wrapping the Heaven Eye Mountain within its grip. A pitter-platter sound appeared.
The figure stood in the distant empty air. No Dou Qi wings or bone wings appeared on his back. Walking through the air was a unique indicator of an elite Dou Zong.
A countless number of gazes passed through the rain and looked at the unmoving figure in the sky. In an instant the entire Heaven Eye Mountain Range became completely silent. Only the sound of raindrops falling on tree leaves clearly resounded over the mountain.
The figure in the sky did not move. Each time the rain came into a radius within five feet of him it would automatically scatter. That manner was as though there was an invisible barrier around Xiao Yan.
At this...
Chapter 1013: One Star Dou Zong
Yao Lao within the light cluster looked at the frowning purple-clothed old man in the large dark-black hall. He involuntarily laughed "Qin Tian are you feeling an uneasiness?"
The expression of the purple-clothed old man became slightly cold when he heard Yao Lao"s words. He faintly said "Yao Chen you should just look after yourself. If the hall"s chief did not fancy your alchemist skill do you think that you would have lived until now?"
Yao Lao"s head moved a little. It caused the chain to emit a "clang" sound. His eyelids were slowly shut as he coldly laughed "The old me is not a softie like you."
"A wise person would recognize the situation. Putting up a futile resistance is the most foolish thing to do. With your alchemist skills the only people on this Dou Qi continent who could compare with you are likely only those few old people who will not die in the Pill Tower. If you join the "Hall of Souls" your position will definitely be even higher than mine. Why do you want to suffer in this place?" The purple-clothed old man slowly spoke.
Ridicule surfaced on Yao Lao"s face but he was too lazy to bother with...
Chapter 1014: Gu Realm
Xiao Yan"s heart tightened when he saw the change of Jin Shi"s expression. It seemed that he was aware of some information that was related to the Gu clan.
"Little friend Xiao Yan why have you suddenly mentioned the Gu clan? Don"t tell me that you have a conflict with them?" Jin Shi also gradually recovered a moment later and spoke with some worry. This Gu clan was not the Wind Lightning Pavilion. Xiao Yan might still be able to live happily even after offending the Wind Lightning Pavilion. However if he were to form an enmity with this mysterious Gu clan the result...
Xiao Yan shook his head and smiled as he said "I have never met this Gu clan. How could there be any conflict? It is just that I wish to know some information related to this Gu clan. Is it possible for elder Jin Shi to tell me about them?"
Jin Shi sighed in relief. He wiped off the cold sweat on his forehead as he said "It is best if this is the case. Throughout the Central Plains region the human"s "Hall of Souls" and Pill Hall or the three great ancient families in the Magical Beast world fear this Gu clan."
Xiao Yan also felt slightly startled when he heard this. Although...
Chapter 1015: Refine
During the next few days Xiao Yan would spend nearly ten hours to help Jin Shi expel the Heaven Mountain Fire Poison within Jin Shi"s body on a daily basis. Under his effort to expel the poison Jin Shi"s spirit was getting better everyday. Hence his attitude to Xiao Yan gradually changed from the a treatment of someone equal to the current courteous and respectful one. Although Xiao Yan had just broken through to the Dou Zong class not long ago his other status as an alchemist was sufficient to cause a person at Jin Shi"s level to treat him politely. After all everyone knew what a lucky thing it was to be able to befriend a high tier alchemist.
Xiao Yan"s remaining effort during these couple of days was spent on the Demon Poison Spot within his body. Everyday that this time-bomb-like thing which had pestered him for a few years was not removed it would stay a thorn within his heart that would cause him to always feel a little uncomfortable.
Through his study during this period of time Xiao Yan had also gained a much deeper understanding of the Demon Poison Spot. However he did not recklessly do anything. This...
Chapter 1016: Wind Lightning Mountain Range
Xiao Yan continued to dragging poison out of the Demon Poison Spot and use the Glazed Lotus Heart Flame to refine it throughout the night. Only when the sky gradually became bright did he who was still in a rock house slowly open his eyes.
An entire night"s refinement did not cause Xiao Yan to feel the least bit tired. Instead due to the replenishment of the enormous amount of Dou Qi his condition was perfectly at his peak. A faint glow was flickering while he blinked. This was due to the great surge of Dou Qi in his body that was difficult to hide.
Xiao Yan lowered his head and looked at the Demon Poison Spot on his chest. At the moment it"s size had clearly shrunk a little. Xiao Yan shook his head with some dissatisfaction when he saw this. He had at least removed ten bundles of poison during the night. It was unexpected that this amount was such a small portion when compared to the Demon Poison Spot as a whole.
After having absorbed all the Dou Qi within the ten clusters of poison Xiao Yan could vaguely feel that his strength had improved. Although this feeling was not very obvious it was considered quite incredible....
Chapter 1017: Lightning Mountain
Xiao Yan found a deserted spot on the mountain peak and landed on the ground. After which he headed to the foot of the mountain. He helplessly shook his head when he saw the densely packed human flow outside of the Wind Lightning Mountain Range. It was likely that these people were all here because of the Four Pavilion Grand Meeting...
"I wonder if the Four Pavilion Grand Meeting has begun?" Xiao Yan muttered softly to himself before he suddenly took out a thin transparent skin-like item from his Storage Ring. After which he covered it over his face. Almost instantly some changes occurred on the contours of his face. If one did not look carefully it would likely be difficult for one to recognize him.
This item that could slightly alter one"s appearance was a little thing the Little Fairy Doctor had given him when they headed to the Chu Yun Empire back then. It was unexpected that it would still be of use after so many years had passed.
He was hiding his appearance in order to save himself some trouble. Currently everyone was aware of his enmity with the Wind Lightning Pavilion. If he were to openly appear in this place it was likely that the Wind Lightning...
Chapter 1018: Four Great Zun-zhe
The rock road was extremely long. At a glance it was just like a large meandering snake that followed the mountain range to the top before disappearing in the distant dark clouds. One would feel exceptionally small while walking it.
Xiao Yan"s footsteps proceeded at a steady pace as he slowly walked to the top of the mountain. Both sides of the mountain road were covered with large silver-colored tree. Such a tree was quite strange. This kind of tree did not have any leaves. Its entire being was just like a straight pillar. The thing that caused Xiao Yan to be surprised was that the interior of this enormous silver-colored tree contained a dense lightning energy. If one used one"s Spiritual Strength to sense it one would be able to discover a wave of lightning aura at the top of the enormous tree that repeatedly surged out. Finally it rose into the dark clouds in the sky.
Xiao Yan halted his feet as he looked at this scene falling deep into thought as he did so. The reason the Lightning Mountain possessed such a frightening Wind Lightning Strength was probably related to these unusual trees. With the silver trees providing a lightning strength the dark clouds in the sky would never scatter. Thus one would be able to achieve double...
Chapter 1019: The Commencement of the Grand Meeting
The enormous green-colored whirlwind appeared to be twinkling as it materialized in the sky above the enormous stadium within a couple of breaths. The whirlwind gently shook and suddenly paused. After which it transformed into a countless number of light spots which scattered. Two figures rode a breeze as they slowly landed next to their seats.
"It is actually Feng zun-zhe? Unexpectedly four zun-zhe (Dou Zun) have arrived at this Grand Meeting. This trip has indeed been worthwhile."
"Usually it is difficult to see even an elite Dou Zun yet four of them have appeared together at this moment. The Four Pavilion Grand Meeting is extremely grand. No wonder it attracts so many people."
"Hee hee I wonder just who will be the final victor of the Grand Meeting this time around?"
The two people who were the last to appear naturally attracted the gazes of the entire stadium more so for Xiao Yan. The two figures had just appeared when his gaze instantly turned to them.
Xiao Yan had already met the green-clothed Mu Qing Luan. Hence his eyes did not pause for long on her before they suddenly paused on the old man in...
Chapter 1020: Chaotic Filtering
After Lei zun-zhe words rang out the atmosphere in the arena suddenly became tense. Fifty-three gazes swept across each other. Their eyes were filled with caution for the other party. In this kind of chaotic situation all one needed to do was to get themselves to continue remaining in order to obtain victory. At the same time however most of the people knew that this selection was extremely harsh and cruel.
Only eight among the fifty-three people would remain. Four of these eight positions were already occupied by the people from the four pavilions. In other words only four among the other forty-nine people would be able to remain.
Four out of forty-nine. One could just imagine just what kind of intense battle would erupt as a result of such a filtering method.
While the atmosphere in the arena was tense the stadium around it also became quiet. Countless numbers of eyes were staring at the arena without blinking. The people inside were all considered the top among the younger generation. Other than a small portion of them most of the people possessed a strength that they were really proud of. The battle that erupted between these people would naturally catch the attention of others.
Ever since Xiao Yan discovered Lin Yan"s figure his eyes had remained focused on him. With his eyesight he was naturally able to tell the latter"s strength at a glance. Four star Dou Huang. This strength might be considered quite good in other places but it was barely considered to meet the requirement to participate in the competition...
Chapter 1021: Come
The voice that had suddenly sounded by the side of his ear caused Lin Yan to be startled. The thoughts in his mind became dull for a moment before his eyes suddenly widened. He suddenly turned around. Both of his eyes revealed a wild joy and surprise when he saw that familiar face.
"Shh don"t say anything..."
Xiao Yan merely smiled and whispered when he saw Lin Yan"s stunned expression.
Lin Yan immediately reacted upon hearing this familiar voice again. An excitement that was difficult to describe swiftly surged into his eyes. He parted his mouth and nodded. Using a voice that only the two of them could hear he said "Good fellow why have you come to the Central Plains?"
Xiao Yan grinned in the face of Lin Yan"s excited expression. After which he waved his hand indicating that this was not the place to chat.
Lin Yan also woke up when he saw this. His gaze swept around. The sudden unexpected situation back then had clearly attracted the gazes of everyone present. All of them were able to see Xiao Yan suddenly entering the arena to rescue him from Wang Chen"s hands with a Blitzkrieg tactic.
Quite a number of Wind Lightning Pavilion"s expert guards around the arena immediately rushed over when they what Xiao Yan did. A furious sound was emitted from the arena "Who are you? Why...
Chapter 1022: Fighting Wang Chen
The entire stadium let out a cheer when they saw Xiao Yan take a step forward. Regardless of whether he was Wang Chen"s match just the boldness of stepping forward and facing his challenge head-on caused many people to let out quiet praises.
A dense smile flashed across Huang Quan zun-zhe"s withered-tree-like face while he sat in the VIP seats. Although the brat in front of him was a little strange he also possessed confidence in Wang Chen. His actual strength had already reached the level of half a step into the Dou Zong class after having soaked in the Heaven Mountain Blood Pool. As long as he was given sufficient time his entry into the Dou Zong class was a given. Moreover Wang Chen was also able to fight with an ordinary Dou Zong if he went all out. There was even less need to mention the current situation...
"Lei zun-zhe what do you say to me occupying a little of the competition"s time?" Huang Quan zun-zhe looked at Lei zun-zhe as he faintly laughed.
Lei zun-zhe smiled when he heard this but did not reject him. Although Xiao Yan seemed a little strange he was clearly far inferior to Huang Quan zun-zhe in his heart. It was only natural...
Chapter 1023: Six-Joint Flame
The Six-Joint Body Flowing Ruler was divided into three levels Splitting Fire Body Flowing Fire and Six-Joint Fire. The difference in the strength of these three levels was also extremely great. However Xiao Yan had seldom used the Six-Joint Body Flowing Ruler"s attacking technique ever since practicing this skill because the thing that he valued the most was the defensive ability of the Six-Joint Body Flowing Ruler. Of course this did not mean that the Six-Joint Body Flowing Ruler did not possess any other good points. For it to be able to reach the Di class Middle level the offensive strength of the Six-Joint Body Ruler would naturally be even more powerful than the Flame Splitting Tsunami if it was used well!
However Xiao Yan of the past could at the very most use the Splitting Fire due to the limitations of his ability. He would have to strain himself if he used the Body Flowing Fire. The Six-Joint Fire was even more distant. However his breakthrough to the Dou Zong class this time around had allowed all of his abilities to leap forward overnight. He had also strode to the Six-Joint Fire level of this Six-Joint Body Flowing Ruler.
This was one of the various benefits that advancing to the Dou Zong class had brought...
Chapter 1024: Identity Revealed
Wang Chen"s savage laughter caused everyone present to be stunned. A moment later "shua" sounds appeared as a countless number of eyes carried some disbelief and paused on Xiao Yan who had suddenly stopped in the arena.
"Xiao Yan? That Xiao Yan who has a grudge with the Wind Lightning Pavilion?"
"That Xiao Yan who forcefully broke the Nine Heavenly Lightning Prison Formation that the three great Elders of the Wind Lightning Northern Pavilion had placed. The one who escaped from Fei Tian"s hands?"
Countless numbers of people outside of the arena had instantly become completely stunned. No one expected that the unknown young man who had defeated Wang Chen was actually Xiao Yan who had recently created an uproar in the northern region. Moreover the thing that really cause them to feel a great disbelief was that this person actually dared to come to Lightning Mountain despite his conflict with the Wind Lightning Pavilion? Was... was this not delivering himself to be captured?
"This fellow... is actually Xiao Yan? Is he crazy?" Tang Ying opened his mouth. His cold face revealed a stunned expression when he looked at Xiao Yan.
"This fool... he has really come?" Mu Qing Luan"s pretty face was filled with shock. She had never expected that this fellow would dare to come to this Lightning Mountain.
"It is actually him... no wonder... unexpectedly......
Chapter 1025: Accepting the Challenge
The ancient voice softly lingered over the entire Lightning Mountain. There seemed to be a demonic strength within this voice. All the surroundings became completely still when it sounded. The expressions on the faces of a countless number of people froze at this moment. A gentle breeze blew past carrying a completely comical dullness.
No one knew just what exactly happened at this moment. However the weight of Feng zun-zhe"s words appeared exceptionally clear in this place. It was likely that hardly anyone in this Dou Qi continent dared to doubt the weight of an elite Dou Zun.
At the edge of the arena Mu Qing Luan was similarly widening her small mouth as she looked to where Feng zun-zhe was sitting. Her heart was filled with shock. She had never seen the free and easy Feng zun-zhe reveal such a decisive emotion despite having trained under him for so many years. She clearly understood what the words that Feng zun-zhe had uttered at this moment meant. If this matter was not resolved properly they would likely become the enemies of the Wind Lightning Pavilion. Although the Falling Star Pavilion was not afraid of the Wind Lightning Pavilion the implications of these two large factions going to war would really be a little terrifying...
Despite such a serious consequence Feng zun-zhe had...
Chapter 1026: Peak Level Fight Among the Younger Generation
Feng zun-zhe was slightly startled when he saw that Xiao Yan did not show any signs of being timid. An admiration that was difficult to detect flashed over his face. He did not know how Xiao Yan had been accepted as a disciple of Yao zun-zhe who was extremely picky. However at the very least this courage was sufficient to get others to view him in a better light.
With Feng zun-zhe"s old sharp eyes he was naturally able to tell that Feng Qing Er was extremely strong. Although Xiao Yan had broken through to the Dou Zong class it was difficult to tell just who would win this battle.
Feng zun-zhe had also heard some of the rumors about some of the things that Xiao Yan had done. However he had heard that this was because there was a powerful soul within his body. Lei zun-zhe had already taken the lead to prevent him from using it in this match. Thus Xiao Yan"s fighting strength would be significantly reduced.
Feng zun-zhe swept his gaze over Xiao Yan. He could vaguely sense the existence of a powerful spiritual body....
Chapter 1027: Wind Killing Finger
Following the green-silver change in Feng Qing Er"s eyes a deep-green Dou Qi storm instantly erupted with her at the center. A vague-silver lightning flashed within the storm while the loud rumbling sound cause one"s heart to tremble.
The enormous Dou Qi storm was nearly a hundred feet large. Everyone in the stadium was completely stunned when they saw the energy pressure that spread from it. Such a spectacular scene was created by Feng Qing Er by completely relying on the Dou Qi within her body. The Dou Qi within her body was really vast and majestic.
A wild violent suction force was emitted from the Dou Qi storm and the tough sliver wood stadium seemed to have experienced an earthquake under the tearing force of the wild storm. Arm thick cracks were spreading. The entire arena had begun to tremble at this moment.
Xiao Yan"s body seemed to adhere to the arena. His body remained completely still regardless of how the storm sucked. His gaze was firmly locked onto the storm. He could vaguely see a blurry figure within the storm.
"Wind Lightning Dou Qi..."
Xiao Yan"s eyes...
Chapter 1028: Holy Demon Phoenix Icon
The jade-green fire lotus slowly bloomed like a delicate lotus. A fluorescent light lingered over it giving it a soul-stirring beauty. However under this shocking beauty hid a terrifyingly destructive wild violent strength.
The ray of light shot over just as the fire lotus was blooming. Immediately it violently collided with the center of the fire lotus in front of innumerable eyes!
Two attacks that contained a frightening energy collided like meteorites at this moment!
The collision unexpectedly did not result in a loud noise. The intense light ray and the jade green light entangled with one another repeatedly eroding each other. A tiny line spread from the empty air where the two lights collided.
The entire stadium was completely quiet. Everyone"s eyes were firmly staring at the point of collision of between the fire lotus and the light ray. Although the expected loud sound was absent some of those with sharp senses could vaguely sense the might of the frightening energy.
The fire lotus slowly rotated. Its jade-green glow made it look like a green-colored crystal....
Chapter 1029: Holy Icon Strength
Feng zun-zhe"s face involuntarily changed when he saw the dark-black phoenix icon behind Feng Qing Er"s back from the VIP seats. His eyes turned to Lei zun-zhe beside him as he said in a deep voice. "It is unexpected that she is someone from the Heaven Demon Phoenix Tribe. No wonder you need to personally act to hide her true aura..."
Lei zun-zhe grinned. There was a pride that was hidden in his smile. He glanced at Xiao Yan in the arena and said "This Xiao Yan is really not an ordinary person to be able to force Qing Er to use her tribe"s secret skill."
Feng zun-zhe"s eyes were narrowed. A chill flashed through them.
"Ke ke Feng zun-zhe should not be reckless. You might not be afraid of my Wind Lightning Pavilion but Qing Er is a person from the Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe. The Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe would likely not let things be if anything happens to her. You should know just how overbearing that tribe is. It is best not to find unnecessary trouble for the Falling Star Pavilion." Lei zun-zhe spoke in a faint voice.
"Are you threatening me?" Feng zun-zhe suddenly smiled as he inquired.
Some caution rose in Lei zun-zhe"s...
Chapter 1030: Demon Phoenix Bell
Following Xiao Yan"s loud laughter that descended mightily from the sky the washbasin-sized three-colored fire lotus in his hands suddenly transformed into a fire glow that shot toward Feng Qing Er in the sky!
Space fluctuated intensely wherever the fire lotus passed. A dark-black spatial line appeared to be just like ink being scattered over the empty sky wherever the fire lotus flew by. That endless darkness caused one to feel shocked.
The fire lotus flew out appearing to spur the energy of this entire place. Wild wind was stirred as the natural energy of the world also became violent. This unusual phenomenon caused a countless of people watching it to be stunned. Such frightening might was something that even those experts who been in the Dou Zong class for many years had difficulty triggering.
From the sky Feng Qing Er looked at the fire lotus that had transformed into a fire glow that rushed over. Her ice-cold expression had changed for the first time. She really sensed an annihilating aura from the fire lotus. Under such an aura a storm involuntarily rose in her heart despite her status....
Chapter 1031: Victor
The tiny crack lines on the enormous bell were inconspicuous when compared to its enormous size. However with the strength of Lei zun-zhe and the others they were naturally able to see them. Their faces immediately changed. From the looks of it Feng Qing Er"s Demon Phoenix Bell was unable to block the attack of the frightening fire lotus.
Lei zun-zhe"s expression had turned gloomy at this moment. His fist was slowly clenched. This scene was something that he had never expected from the start. He could not be more clear on Feng Qing Er"s strength yet regardless of how unbelievable it was the truth was right in front of him...
Compared with the gloomy expression of Lei zun-zhe a smile appeared on Feng zun-zhe"s face. Xiao Yan"s performance since the beginning had been extremely satisfactory. Originally he had thought that it was fine as long as Xiao Yan did not lose too badly to Feng Qing Er. He had never thought of Xiao Yan would be able to defeat the other party. Although he knew that Xiao Yan had some outstanding points in order for Yao Lao to accept...
Chapter 1032: Ancient Phoenix Essence Blood
The gazes of the entire stadium solidified on the large hand placed on Feng Qing Er"s neck. Even the killing intent that had vaguely surfaced on Xiao Yan"s face was caught by the eyes of quite a number of people.
The entire Lightning Mountain became silent at this moment. Had the result of this much-anticipated top level fight between the younger generation finally been determined?
This final result had exceeded the expectations of most people. Feng Qing Er"s reputation and strength was something that everyone was aware of yet this talented lady of the Wind Lightning Pavilion who only appeared once every century was defeated in the hands of this young man called Xiao Yan.
Quite a number of people also revealed somewhat gloomy faces within this quiet stadium. Lei zun-zhe"s face was as deep as water. He had similarly not expected Feng Qing Er to be defeated by Xiao Yan"s hands. Not only was he unable to make things difficult for Xiao Yan toda but he had also allowed Xiao Yan to borrow Feng Qing Er"s reputation to immediately become famous. He really felt like he had suffered double...
Chapter 1033: End of the Grand Meeting
Xiao Yan nodded his head and agreed. This caused everyone including Feng Qing Er to be stunned for a moment. This matter was not child"s play. If that thing was really found it was likely that Xiao Yan would appear on the blacklist of the Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe...
A worried expression appeared in Feng zun-zhe"s eyes. He looked at Xiao Yan as he asked in a deep voice "Is it alright?"
"Haha old Feng please relax. One need not be afraid of one"s shadow being crooked if one stands straight. I have seen many little tricks of falsely accusing someone after they have lost. This is nothing surprising." Xiao Yan smiled nodded and reassured him.
Feng zun-zhe felt a lot more reassured after hearing Xiao Yan"s words. Since he dared to speak in this manner it was likely that he had some confidence.
Feng Qing Er by the side was extremely infuriated by Xiao Yan"s words. Her pretty face wore a cold smile as she said "You can just act tough. If I end up finding it later I will definitely let you suffer the consequences."
The corner of Xiao Yan"s mouth was lifted into an unusual smile. He softly said "If you fail to find anything...
Chapter 1034: Absorption
The jade-green flame fiercely burned. A high temperature spread from it causing the surrounding fierce wind to become much hotter as a result. However no one paid any attention to this. The eyes of Feng zun-zhe and the others were merely staring at the interior of the flame. There were three droplets of red-green blood rotating inside.
"It is indeed the Ancient Phoenix Essence Blood. Moreover the color is so dense. It is likely that it can only be refined from the blood of some Heaven Demon Phoenix who have reached the Dou Zun class..." Mu Qing Luan"s pretty face changed by the side when she saw the three droplets of green-red blood. At the same time she also let out an exclamation. She was a member of the Mythical Bird Tribe. Although her tribe could not be compared with the Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe she did have a great understanding of their tribe. Hence she was able to see just how precious these three droplets of green-red blood were at a glance.
Even the expression of Feng zun-zhe changed when he heard Mu Qing Luan"s words. A Dou Zun class Heaven Demon Phoenix? Such a strength would definitely be ranked among those old...
Chapter 1035: Bone Wing"s Transformation
On the enormous fierce wind eagle Lin Yan watched Xiao Yan"s body as the blood-red color gradually diminished. He let out a sigh of relief. It seemed that he was gradually absorbing the Ancient Phoenix Essence Blood within his body...
"This fellow is actually absorbing the Ancient Phoenix Essence Blood?" Mu Qing Luan by the side was startled when she saw this scene. She immediately voiced her surprise.
Feng zun-zhe slightly nodded. Although there was no change in Xiao Yan"s aura he was still able to sense his strength increasing by relying on the sharp senses of of an elite Dou Zun.
"The Ancient Phoenix Essence Blood does possess a great effect in raising the strength of a person"s body. However once the body is unable to endure that kind of strengthening it is likely that it will end up exploding." Mu Qing Luan knit her eyebrows as she softly said.
Lin Yan was startled when he heard this. Immediately the expression in his eyes changed while he was looking at Xiao Yan. He hurriedly said "It seems that something is not quite right..."
Feng zun-zhe and Mu Qing Luan quickly turned their eyes to Xiao Yan when...
Chapter 1036: Events of the Past
Mu Qing Luan by the side raised her ears when she heard Feng zun-zhe"s words. She was also very curious about Xiao Yan"s background. Although Feng zun-zhe had many friends she didn"t know of a friend whom he would be so concerned about after all these years...
Xiao Yan tightly clenched his fist. A fierce glint vaguely appeared in his eyes. A moment later he suppressed the fluctuating emotion within his heart. He inhaled a deep breath of air as he slowly said "Old Feng should also be aware of the matter about teacher back then right?"
"He was not with me when something happened to him. By the time I discovered something amiss Han Feng had already announced to the public that the old fellow had suffered a backlash when he was refining a pill and ended up self-destructing. I will naturally never believe such words and I interrogated Han Feng quite a number of times about this. However this fellow is extremely cunning and I failed to learn anything through my questioning. After this continued a couple of times he also disappeared from the Central Plains region. Only at that time did I vaguely sense the disappearance of that old fellow was related to him. However...
Chapter 1037: Heading to the Pill Region
Feng zun-zhe did not say anything more after seeing that Xiao Yan had made up his mind. He mused for a moment before taking out an old piece of jade from his Storage Ring. After which he handed it to Xiao Yan and said "Take this star jade. In the future I will be able to rely on this thing to find you. Moreover if you meet with any trouble that you cannot resolve you can shatter it. I will be able to sense it."
Xiao Yan tilted his head. He solemnly received the old piece of jade and placed it in his Storage Ring. After which he cupped his hands to Feng zun-zhe and said with a deep voice "Thank you Old Feng."
Feng zun-zhe smiled and waved his hand. His palm patted Xiao Yan"s shoulder as he slowly said "For Yao Chen to pass that Qi Method to you it is enough to tell that he values you. Back then that scum Han Feng coveted this Qi Method but Yao Chen did not hand it over to him."
Xiao Yan quietly nodded. Yao Lao had spent an immense amount of effort on him something that Xiao Yan was naturally aware of. Hence his heart treated Yao Lao like his father. During these years he had personally put in a ton of effort in order to obtain the strength to rescue Yao Lao.
Xiao Yan"s training...
Chapter 1038: Practicing the Flame Creation Skill
Two rays of light shot over from the distant sky. The wind that had been created from the fast speed whistled continuously through the air.
"We are now on the boundary of the northern region. However if we simply rely on our own flying it is likely that we will need two to three months in order to reach the Pill Region. However we are quite lucky. There is a city called Sky Maple City not far from this place. There is coincidentally a wormhole that leads to the middle of the Central Plains there. If we were to take that route we will be able to save over half the time." Lin Yan who was leading at the front suddenly turned his head and spoke to Xiao Yan. Two rays of light flashed through the sky.
Xiao Yan nodded upon hearing this. All he wanted was to arrive in the Pill Region as soon as possible. If he were to estimate the time he had been separated from the Little Fairy Doctor"s group for half a year. He wondered just how they were faring...
"However you should hide your appearance as much as possible. After the matter with the Lightning Mountain your current reputation is not inferior...
Chapter 1039: Refining Beast Flame
Numerous rays of lights flashed in the spacious tunnel. One could even vaguely see the outline of some boats.
Lin Yan alone was sufficient to handle the matter of controlling the space boat. Hence Xiao Yan did not need to divert any attention. He placed all his focus on the Flame Creation Skill. If he could learn this Flame Creation Skill within this one month long journey through the space tunnel it would be advantageous to Xiao Yan.
Of course this Flame Creation Skill was the top level Dou Technique of the Demon Flame Valley. There would naturally be something extraordinary to it and it would likely be quite difficult if one wished to master it within a short period of time. However this clearly did not obstruct Xiao Yan since he decided to practice it.
Xiao Yan"s attention became completely engrossed in the training method recorded in the scroll on the first day of travel. The "Flame Creation Skill" of the past required three people to practice it together and sacrifice their life force in order to create the "Life Transforming Flame." However after the added improvements...
Chapter 1040: Fire Seed
Xiao Yan"s eyes were focused on the three wisps of flames on his fingers. A moment later he raised his head and smiled apologetically to Lin Yan at the front of the boat. He said "It is likely that you will need to control the space boat during the remaining journey. This Dou Skill that I am practicing still lacks the final step."
Lin Yan grinned and nodded when he heard this. He said "This is a small matter. You can just relax and train as long as no unexpected circumstances occur. Additionally there should be another ten days or so until the end of the wormhole. You must wake up before we leave. There will be some bumps when leaving the wormhole and they might end up disturbing you."
Xiao Yan slightly smiled. His eyes returned to the three small wisps of flame. His expression gradually became solemn. His success in practicing the Flame Creation Skill would determine whether he could continue using that Extermination Fire Lotus of his. That was Xiao Yan"s killing move. It would be a great loss if he could no longer use it.
"Merge..."
Xiao Yan gently exhaled a breath and once again slowly...
Chapter 1041: Middle Region Tianhuang City
In a spacious open ground that was covered in rock fragments was an enormous stone stage. A hundreds-foot-wide dark-black Wormhole was right at the top of the stone platform. It was slowly rotating while a shocking spatial fluctuation was seeping out.
"Chi! Chi!"
The silence of the rock fragments in the open ground continued for a short before a deep sound suddenly appeared. Following its appearance one could see the Wormhole form wave after wave of intense spatial ripples. Numerous human figures rushed out of it in a straight line. All of them landed steadily in the open ground.
"We have finally come out. This damn space Wormhole is really too tough..." Lin Yan landed on the ground and immediately inhaled a breath of fresh air from the outside world. He was laughing as though he had managed to extricate himself from something.
Xiao Yan also nodded with the same thoughts beside Lin Yan. His eyes swept in all directions. At this moment there were quite a number of human figures who had exited the Wormhole. Hence this open ground quickly became lively.
"Is this place the Pill Region?" Xiao Yan rubbed his hands together withdrew his curious...
Chapter 1042: Competing for Wormhole
Xiao Yan and Lin Yan were walking toward the city when a majestic city wall that carried a foreboding aura appeared in front of them. Humans were coming and going under the towering city gate. The entire placed was filled with a noisy atmosphere.
The two of them smoothly entered the city. They looked at the spacious road and at the endless shops and buildings on both sides of the road. The black mass of human heads and the noise they created on the street transformed into a large sound wave that spread apart charging to the clouds.
"Tianhuang City is really exuberant. It can likely even be compared with the few most prosperous cities within the Black-Corner Region." Xiao Yan involuntarily clicked his tongue and praised as he looked over the mighty city and the human traffic.
"This is the Middle Region of the Central Plains the entire continent"s central area. Although the Black-Corner Region is also quite strong how could it compare with this place?" Lin Yan laughed. He immediately identified their route and led Xiao Yan to the location of the Liu clan"s home. He had once stayed in this place for a period of time. Hence he was quite familiar with Tianhuang City.
Xiao Yan...
Chapter 1043: Meeting Old Friends
The familiar soft laugh caused Liu Qing"s body to momentarily stiffen. A moment later he finally recovered. His face was filled with disbelief as he looked at the unknown young man "You... you are Xiao Yan?"
Liu Qing"s words had just sounded when Liu Fei"s lovely body behind him suddenly trembled. Xiao Yan a name that had left behind an impression in heart that was difficult to remove. This true genius of the Inner Academy back then was someone even her cousin brother whom she was proud of could not catch up to...
Her pretty eyes secretly observed the young man in front of her. She was slightly startled when they paused on the somewhat foreign face. Her cautious eyes discovered some clues and her hands slightly shook under her sleeves. Her eyes began to dodge him. Back then she had developed a small grudge with Xiao Yan. It was due to this grudge that Xiao Yan had exchanged blows with Liu Qing. The result however had caused the support within her heart to completely collapse. Until now Liu Fei could not forget that skinny figure that stood proudly in the Fighting Arena back then. At that time Xiao Yan was merely a young man who had just arrived...
Chapter 1044: One Strike
The majestic Spiritual Strength appeared just like unending mighty wave as it swept through the sky. It carried an unusually frightening pressure that rushed toward the purple-robed old man in a lightning-like manner. Space trembled wherever it passed. Threads of dark-black lines quietly spread!
Although the Spiritual Strength was without form or color anyone who possessed strength would be able to sense the frightening pressure that permeated the sky. This kind of pressure originated from deep within one"s soul causing one to possess a fluttering feeling. At this moment the many private conversations came to an abrupt stop. The expressions of some of the people who had scoff at Xiao Yan"s earlier arrogance stiffened. At a glance they appeared exceptionally comical.
After having advanced to the Dou Zong class the current Xiao Yan had likely reached the seventh tier if one were to talk about his alchemist tier. Moreover due to his Spiritual Strength being outstanding to begin with it was likely that he would not be inferior to some true tier 7 alchemists!
Such a...
Chapter 1045: Heading to the Burning Flame Valley
Cheng Yao"s expression had turned quite ugly when he heard Elder Chi Huo"s words. However due to the other party"s status he could only clench his fists tightly regardless of how dissatisfied he was. He viciously glanced at Liu Qing. His eyes were filled with fury.
Although Cheng Yao knew that the situation had turned around because of Xiao Yan"s appearance he really had difficulty forming hatred toward a tier 7 alchemist. This was because he clearly understood just how great of an ability a tier 7 alchemist possessed...
Compared to Cheng Yao"s ugly expression Liu Qing"s face was covered in a joyous one. He cupped his hands toward Elder Chi Huo as he smiled and said "Thank you very much Elder Chi Huo."
Elder Chi Huo smiled and waved his hand. His eyes landed on Xiao Yan beside Liu Qing. He quickly stepped forward cupped his hands and smiled as he said with great politeness "Ke ke may I inquire about young friend"s name."
"Yan Xiao." Xiao Yan smiled and cupped his hands toward Elder Chi Huo.
"Young friend Yan Xiao already possesses such an achievement at his age. This...
Chapter 1046: Roasting Fire Mountain Range
The Burning Flame Valley was situated in the Roasting Fire Mountain Range in the south-western part of the Middle Region. This mountain range was completely formed by hot volcanoes. At a glance it was a monotonous crimson color. Some of the volcanoes" peaks emitted a dense-white smoke that curled and rose. Occasionally there would be some lava seeping out of them.
The Roasting Fire Mountain Range possessed a great reputation across the entire Central Regions. Of course part of the reason for this was because the Burning Flame Valley was located here. The other part of the reason was due to the harsh environment of this mountain range. Although the environment was not really pleasing to the eye the endless volcanoes had resulted in the fire affinity energy in this place being unusually dense. Practicing fire affinity Qi Methods here would undoubtedly allow one to gain double the reward with half the effort. Hence there were quite a number of fire affinity Qi Method practitioners who would take the risk and come to this place even though they were aware that it was very da...
Chapter 1047: Tang Zhen Nine Dragon Lightning Flame!
Xiao Yan followed behind Elder Chi Huo and smoothly passed through the tight defenses outside of the large hall. After which they gently pushed open the door of the hall...
Creak...
Following the opening of the hall"s door the exceptionally majestic and grand interior of the hall appeared in front of Xiao Yan"s line of sight. Elder Chi Huo hurriedly walked in after the door was opened. After which he bowed to the leader"s seat of the large hall and said "Valley Chief Chi Huo has come to report the completion of my mission. The alchemist grandmaster that Tianhuang City has recommended has arrived."
At this moment there were around ten figures seated inside the large hall. Most of them were wearing alchemist robes. From their appearances it was obvious that they were quite old. Their faces were indifferent. None of them felt constrained because this place was the headquarters of the Burning Flame Valley.
There was a skinny red-haired old man in simple linen clothes seated in the leader"s seat in the hall. The old man"s face was filled with smiles. However the hearts of everyone seated were clearly aware of this...
Chapter 1048: Heavenly Flame Test
The Nine Dragon Lightning Flame was ranked twelfth on the Heavenly Flame ranking. There was no one present who was unaware of the strength of this flame. Moreover with Tang Zhen"s unfathomable strength an ordinary person"s Spiritual Strength would likely be incinerated into nothingness upon contact with it. Although the Spiritual Strength of those here was not weak they were unable to endure such a test.
Tang Ying"s words had caused the large hall to become a lot quieter after they were spoken. The alchemists who were filled with haughtiness earlier all recoiled their necks. None of them dared to say anything.
The two External Elders from the Pill Tower mused for a moment before slowly uttering "Valley Chief Tang all of us are aware of how powerful the Nine Dragon Lightning Flame is. There is a dragon"s might gathered in the Heavenly Flame. Hence it possesses the miraculous effect of shocking one"s soul. It is likely that there is hardly anyone present who is able to use one"s Spiritual Strength to endure it."
Tang Zhen smiled when he heard this. He said "Grandmaster Huan please rest assured...
Chapter 1049: Reward
Tang Zhen was startled when he saw all the gazes in the hall gathering on Xiao Yan"s body. He hesitated for a moment before opening his mouth to ask "This young friend Yan Xiao would you like to give it a try?"
Tang Zhen was naturally aware that quite a number of people present were adopting the mentality of wanting to watch a good show. However from the way he saw it since Xiao Yan dared to come to this Burning Flame Valley he should also possess some ability. After all he was quite assure of Elder Chi Huo"s abilities.
The red-clothed lady beside Tang Zhen crossed her hands over her chest. Her pretty eyes were looking at Xiao Yan with interest. She also wanted to know whether this young man who was praised by Tang Zhen earlier had some ability or if he was merely a country bumpkin.
"Since I have come to the Burning Flame Valley I will naturally have to give this test a try."
Xiao Yan slightly smiled in front of many eyes and slowly nodded.
Some alchemist grandmasters in the hall involuntarily revealed ridicule on their faces when they heard this. Even they were unable to endure for long against the Nine Dragon Lightning Flame much less such a young fell...
Chapter 1050: Strive
"Skyfire Three Mysterious Change?"
Tang Zhen and the red-clothed lady by the side were startled when they heard Xiao Yan"s words. They immediately frowned. The Skyfire Three Mysterious Change was one of the key treasures of the Burning Flame Valley. Although this kind of Secret Technique was useless to some people it was an incredibly sharp weapon for those who possessed a Heavenly Flame in their bodies!
The Skyfire Three Mysterious Change was able to use a kind of special method to circulate the flame hidden within one"s body allowing one to unleash an extremely powerful strength for a short period of time. Every change could unleash a kind of flame. When the three changes were superimposed on each other its might would be quite terrifying. Of course the energy that was unleashed from this kind of flame was quite violent. If one were to forcefully unleash it when one"s body was not strong enough it would lead to an energy backlash...
Hence even the interior of the Burning Flame Valley had preserved this Skyfire Three Mysterious Change in an extremely stringent manner. Only the core disciples were able to obtain the first change of the Skyfire Three...
Chapter 1051: Fire Bodhisattva Pill
Lush greenery covered the enormous valley. Occasionally a fire-red maple tree could be found mixed in making it extremely soothing to the eye.
There was a spacious square that was built from crimson-colored mountain rocks in the middle of the valley. The middle of the square had a stone stage that was over a hundred feet tall. There were quite a number of human figures currently around this square. Most of the people were wearing red clothes. Clearly they were the disciples of the Burning Flame Valley.
There was a somewhat tall platform located on the other side of the square. Its height might not be comparable to the towering stage in the square but it was coincidentally able to overlook the entire place. The view from that spot was extremely good. At this moment quite a number of people were standing on this platform with their hands behind their backs. If one were to carefully examine them they would see that they were those so-called alchemist grandmasters from the large hall earlier.
The rushing sound of wind materialized amid the private conversations that were going on in the square. Immediately four figures rushed over from the distance and gently landed on the stone stage. Their figures were revealed to be the Valley Chief of the...
Chapter 1052: Fuse
The refinement of a tier 7 medicinal pill was an extremely troublesome matter. This Fire Bodhisattva Pill being a high grade tier 7 high pill was even more troublesome to refine.
Silver-colored flames furiously burned within the medicinal cauldron on the stone stage. A low dragon roar was repeatedly being emitted from within it. The high temperature had caused the surroundings of the stone stage to become slightly distorted. Many medicinal ingredients lingered in the air above the stone stage. Occasionally they would be thrown into the medicinal cauldron with a wave of Tang Zhen"s hand. After which they would be swallowed by the nine fire dragons within.
However it must be said that it was extremely convenient to use the Nine Dragon Lightning Flame to refine medicinal ingredients. The nine fire dragons were just like nine small versions of medicinal cauldrons. They could perfectly refine these medicinal ingredients. Of course Xiao Yan clearly understood that these nine fire dragons were ultimately still under Tang Zhen"s control but his control over the flame"s temperature had reached a peak. His...
Chapter 1053: Unexpected Turn of Events
Xiao Yan"s mind was focused on the eight tiny lights suspended within the jade-green glow. Some liquid or powder-like substances were vaguely revealed within the light clusters. After Xiao Yan"s nine days of merging all the pure medicinal strengths these eight clusters of pure medicinal liquid contained the medicinal might of nearly twenty medicinal ingredients gathered together.
"Hu..."
Xiao Yan let out a deep breath. He exchanged glances with Grandmaster Huan on the opposite side. The both of them immediately shut their eyes as majestic Spiritual Strengths surged out and entered the medicinal cauldron.
The solemn expression on Tang Zhen"s face became more apparent as he sensed the actions of these two. The success or failure of this pill refinement would depend on Xiao Yan"s and Grandmaster Huan"s subsequent performance...
Xiao Yan"s Spiritual Strength charged into the jade-green light circle in a turbulent manner. A thought passed through his mind and two drops of colorful liquid immediately descended before beginning to slowly merge...
A ripple was formed on the surface following the contact of these two droplets of medicinal liquid. This was a kind of...
Chapter 1054: Turning the Tide
The entire square was quiet. Everyone"s eyes carried incomparable regret as they looked at Grandmaster Huan who had fainted on the ground. After having endured for ten days no one expected that it would end up in a failure at the last moment...
Two red-green glows were interacting with each other within the medicinal cauldron. Rich medicinal fragrances spread over the entire square. However it no longer caused people to feel relaxed as it had earlier. Instead everyone felt their hearts become extremely heavy.
Tang Zhen"s eyes were dull as he looked at the medicinal cauldron. His defeated expression was unbearable to look at. A giant-like person was revealing such an emotion. It was really heartbreaking.
At the edge of the square Tang Huo Er"s pretty face had also turned white. A moment later she let out a grieving smile. Her lovely body staggered a little. The few disciples from the Burning Flame Valley behind her hurriedly stepped forward to support her.
The entire square was completely silent. That solemn atmosphere caused everyone to feel extremely pressured. No one dared to open their mouths to speak at this moment...
The silent and pressurizing atmosphere continued for awhile before...
Chapter 1055: Seeing Pill Lightning Again
Thick dark clouds gathered in the sky above the valley. The ray of morning light that had just appeared on the horizon was blocked by the clouds. Within an instant the entire valley had become exceptionally dark. Only when the silver-colored lightning cut through the dark clouds would the valley below light up.
The medicinal fragrance on the stage had reached a peak saturation when dark clouds gathered in the sky. Even the surrounding natural energy of the stone stage was drawn by this pill fragrance emitting a slight vibration as it did so.
A jade-green flame fiercely burned within the medicinal cauldron. A green-red spherical medicinal pill was slowly rotating in the air above the flame. A shocking energy was repeatedly being emitted from it. The energy collided with the walls of the medicinal cauldron emitting a "clanging" metallic sound.
Xiao Yan looked at the medicinal pill that was rotating within the medicinal cauldron. A smile involuntarily surfaced on his pale-white face. His eyelids were slowly shut and a fatigue spread from his soul causing him to feel a little...
Chapter 1056: Successful Pill Refinement
Silver lightning rammed down from the sky covered in dark clouds. They rapidly materialized from all over the sky. The entire sky slightly shook at this moment. The dim valley appeared like it was daytime because of the continuously flashing silver lightning. A loud rumbling sound resounded unceasingly over the entire valley.
A bright-silver-colored figure floated in the sky amid the pouring of the silver lightning from all over. It attracted the surrounding silver lightning to itself!
Boom! Boom! Boom...
Each silver bolt of lightning that fell from the sky would forcefully cause the silver-colored figure to descend because of the enormous strength present within each bolt. The muffled sound that was emitted when the two made contact caused some people"s heads to turn numb. If it was an ordinary person forcefully receiving the blows head-on they would have turned into a piece of charcoal.
Xiao Yan"s eyes intently stared at the Earth Demon Puppet suspended in the sky permeated by lightningbolts. Due to the connection between the two of them he was able to vaguely...
Chapter 1057: Yin Yang Life Soul Pill
By the time Xiao Yan woke up from his unconscious state he was surprised to find himself lying on a soft bed. The entire room had a serene fragrance drifting within it.
Xiao Yan slowly opened his eyes. A dullness remained within them for a moment before a life force gradually surged into his dark-black eyes.
Xiao Yan lay on the bed for a moment as he roughly glanced at the interior of his body. He did not find anything wrong with it. His originally exhausted Spiritual Strength from having refined the Fire Bodhisattva Pill had also significantly recovered. That kind of weak and weary feeling had also long since disappeared.
"This is..."
Xiao Yan quietly sighed in relief within his heart when he sensed these changes. He immediately sat up on the bed and glanced at the empty room with some uncertainty. After which he rubbed the Storage Ring on his finger as a reflexive action. Only after he found that he did not lose anything did he let out a heavy sigh of relief.
"You have already been unconscious for five days."
A familiar voice suddenly sounded within Xiao Yan"s heart while he was sighing. It was actually Tian Huo zun-zhe whom...
Chapter 1058: Hindered
"Creak..."
A tightly shut door was gently pushed opened and Xiao Yan slowly walked out. After which he raised his eyes and looked around.
There was a garden outside of the room that was filled with many beautiful flowers. A gentle breeze blew over as a faint flower fragrance drifted over the entire garden. It gave one"s heart a tranquil feeling.
"Have you woken up?"
A clear lovely voice suddenly sounded while Xiao Yan"s eyes were sweeping around. He looked over only to see a red-clothed lady sitting within the garden. She had a long upper body. Looking at her from the side her body appeared to reveal an alluring figure that extended from her neck to her hip.
Xiao Yan had seen this lady before and knew she possessed a high status within the Burning Flame Valley. Immediately he smiled and nodded to her.
The red-clothed lady stood up. Her tall figure was beautifully accentuated before she swiftly walked to Xiao Yan. After which she revealed a bright smile. "My name is Tang Huo Er. Thank you very much for your help this time around."
As the both of them were standing close to each other Xiao Yan was able to sniff the faint serene fragrance that was being emitted from the body of the lady in front...
Chapter 1059: Test
Everyone in the hall was immediately stunned when they heard the words of that red-robed old man. They all immediately revealed surprised expressions as they looked at the skinny young man present. No one had expected this young man who had such a great achievement in medicinal refinement skills would possess this ability as well...
The Wind Lightning Pavilion might not be comparable to the Burning Flame Valley in terms of strength but it was definitely considered a powerful faction of significant weight in the Central Plains region. Yet this Xiao Yan was able to leave peacefully after forming a grudge with it. From this one could tell that this person was definitely not simple.
Tang Huo Er"s pretty eyes stared at Xiao Yan. The itchiness on her hands suddenly became much more intense. She had never met an opponent of similar age who was on par with her.
Xiao Yan"s expression did not change in the face of the many surprised gazes in the hall. He glanced at the red-robed old man and faintly said "I am indeed Xiao Yan but what has this got to do with anything? All I did was simply change my name."
The red-robed old man who was also the second Elder of the Burning Flame Valley smiled when he heard this. He...
Chapter 1060: Fighting Wu Chen
The area outside the hall was a spacious empty tract of land with a great view. At a glance one"s sight would extend until the edge of the empty land. There were some lush green woods located on the edge forming a circular shape that wrapped around the large hall.
Xiao Yan stood outside the large hall. His expression was a calm but the Dou Qi in his body had begun to slowly surge. The feeling of being filled with energy spread across every single corner of his body.
Numerous Elders from the Burning Flame valley had swarmed out of the exit of the large hall. The one leading them was naturally Tang Zhen Tang Huo Er as well as the two Elders. Due to this large hall being a place that many Burning Flame Valley"s disciples frequented quite a number of these disciples caught sight of the Elders when they had just appeared. From this lineup all the disciples knew that something had happened even without being told. Hence numerous private conversations spread in all directions like a wave of water. Within less than ten minutes the surroundings of the large hall were densely packed with red figures.
Xiao Yan ignored the surroundings that had swiftly become lively. His gaze merely stared at a red-robed elder...
Chapter 1061: Hidden Skill
When the disciples from the Burning Flame Valley in the empty ground saw Xiao Yan rub away the trace of blood from the corner of his mouth continue to stand as straight as a spear and emit a sharp aura as he did so all of them became speechless. None of them had expected Xiao Yan to endure Wu Chen"s fierce attack...
"Five exchanges has passed..."
On the stairs Tang Zhen exhaled a gentle breath as he slowly announced. At this moment his eyes also contained a faint surprise when they looked at Xiao Yan. Xiao Yan being able to last for five exchanges in Wu Chen"s hands without falling had caused him to feel a little surprise. After all he understood Wu Chen quite well. An eight star Dou Zong was definitely considered a top tier expert across the Central Plains region!
Tang Huo Er by the side also gently nodded. Her eyes contained a curious glint as they stared at Xiao Yan. This young man who was of similar age to her seemed to always surprise others.
Wu Chen"s body also gently drifted down from the sky. His foot violently stomped on the ground as a majestic force surged out. Immediately...
Chapter 1062: Succeed
The three-colored fire lotus rotated over Xiao Yan"s palm. Each time it rotated the surrounding space would form numerous dark-black spatial lines that caused one"s heart to feel a chill.
The appearance of the fire lotus allowed everyone to clearly sense the natural energy suddenly become fierce and untamed. Moreover the temperature was also swiftly rising...
This unusual phenomenon resulted in the expressions of everyone changing. Even Tang Zhen revealed a shocked expression in his eyes. That strange three-colored fire lotus seemed to hide a terrifying destructive power. Moreover this kind of strength was something that he felt somewhat familiar with...
"This is... the Heavenly Flame"s strength?"
Tang Zhen"s eyes shrank as he thought within his heart!
Among those who experienced a change in their expressions because of the appearance of the fire lotus included the person involved in the battle Wu Chen. Due to his close proximity he was the one who had the deepest understanding of the destructive strength contained within the fire lotus. In the face of the exquisite three-colored fire lotus the third Elder of the Burning Flame Valley finally revealed...
Chapter 1063: Inheriting the Secret Technique
Xiao Yan sighed in relief within his heart after hearing Tang Zhen"s words. A joy that was difficult to hide surfaced on his face. He cupped his hands to him and solemnly said "Thank you Valley Chief Tang!"
Tang Zhen waved his hand and replied "You have relied on your own ability. The old me has provided very little help this time around." The ten exchange test this time around was something that Xiao Yan had relied on his own abilities to pass. Honestly he had provided very little help.
"Valley Chief Tang is too courteous. If not for you it is likely that this test would not have even existed." Xiao Yan grinned. He had quite a good impression of Tang Zhen. This person possessed an unfathomable strength but he did not carry the aloofness that an elite Dou Zun possessed. He could be considered much more approachable compared to Lei Zun-zhe from the Wind Lightning Pavilion.
Tang Zhen smiled but did not argue with Xiao Yan on this topic. He turned his head and looked to the second Elder in front of the hall. With an indifferent voice he asked "Second Elder Xiao Yan can...
Chapter 1064: Xiao Xuan
"Burning Flame Ancestor?"
Tang Huo Er by the side was slightly startled when she heard Tang Zhen muttering to himself. After which she asked with some uncertainty.
Tang Zhen smiled at Tang Huo Er"s uncertainty. He glanced at Xiao Yan who had sunk deep into the inheritance world of the crystal ball. After which he placed both of his hands behind him and looked to the ceiling of the hall. A respectful expression was revealed in his eyes. "Burning Flame Ancestor is the founder of our Burning Flame Valley. However due to the great amount of time that has passed many people have forgotten about this peak expert who once shook the entire continent."
Tang Huo Er involuntarily clicked her tongue when she heard this. It was also the first time that she had heard of this so-called Burning Flame Ancestor. It seemed that the gap in time was indeed a large one.
"Is the Burning Flame Ancestor very strong?" Tang Huo Er asked somewhat curiously. She seemed to be extremely interested in this legendary figure.
"He"s more than strong... according to what I know there are five ultimate experts in the Dou Qi continent during that era. These five people...
Chapter 1065: News about Little Fairy Doctor
Xiao Yan did not pause for long after leaving the Burning Flame Valley. Instead he rushed in the direction of Tianhuang City. While he was traveling he savored the complete training method for the Skyfire Three Mysterious Change...
The Skyfire Three Mysterious Change was a peak level Secret Technique of the Burning Flame Valley. However the uniqueness of this Secret Technique also made it difficult for one to judge its class. After all in the hands of some people this Secret Technique was completely useless. However in the hands of some experts who possessed many types of powerful flames the might that it could unleash would definitely be comparable to other Di class high level Secret Technique.
Luckily Xiao Yan belonged to the second category. Being in possession of the Green Lotus Core Flame Falling Heart Flame and even the Bone Chilling Flame he was coincidentally able to unleash this Skyfire Three Mysterious Change to its peak. It was just as Tang Huo Er had said. This kind of Secret Technique seemed to have been tailor-made for Xiao Yan.
The simultaneous eruption of the...
Chapter 1066: Hurrying to the Middle Region
From Xiao Yan"s gloomy expression Liu Qing could guess that the Little Fairy Doctor likely had a complicated relationship with him...
"Xiao Yan what do you plan to do? The Ice River Valley"s strength is not inferior to the Burning Flame Valley. There are as many experts in there as the clouds. They are extremely difficult to deal with..." Lin Yan seemed to have also sensed the killing intent in Xiao Yan"s heart. His expression became much more solemn as he wondered aloud.
"I will make a trip to the Pill Region. Xin Lan has been with the Little Fairy Doctor. She might perhaps be aware of some news. As for all of you it is best for you to remain in Tianhuang City..." Xiao Yan mused for a moment before speaking.
"Let me go with you. I am a little familiar with the Pill Region." Lin Yan hurriedly said.
Xiao Yan shook his head and rejected Lin Yan"s good intention. He did not expect the Woeful Poison Body to cause such a big commotion within the Central Plains region. If he wanted to help the Little Fairy Doctor some enmity would be...
Chapter 1067: Ye City
The exit was a spacious stone platform. The platform was completely built from snow-white rocks. The most shocking thing was that this stone platform was nearly a hundred meters tall. Ten enormous rock pillars supported it to such a height.
The rock pillars supporting the stone platform were just like pillars supporting the sky. They appeared towering and spectacular when looking from a distance.
The space above this stone stage was very much different from other places. It appeared exceptionally messy. The large space was greatly distorted with some dark-black cracks vaguely spreading out of it...
Silver light would shoot out of this distorted space. Quite a number of people would be thrown out of the space each time the silver light appeared. After which they would land on the stone platform below. This place was a Wormhole transit point.
Another silver glow flashed in that distorted space. A skinny figure appeared from within. Immediately his feet pressed onto the air as he slowly landed on the stone platform.
This human figure who had been spat out of the distorted space was naturally Xiao Yan who had hurried over from Tianhuang City. After landing on the ground he let out a sigh and swept his gaze...
Chapter 1068: Ye Clan
A ghost-like figure slowly appeared at the entrance of the large hall while a pair of indifferent gaze swept over everyone within. After which those eyes paused on the blue-clothed lady. His expression slightly warmed while his voice continued to contain a gloominess "Xin Lan why has this happened?"
The blue-clothed lady was clearly Xin Lan who had led Xiao Yan"s group to the Central Plains. She appeared to have understood Xiao Yan"s meaning when he said these words. Her pretty face dimmed as she softly uttered "I"m sorry..."
Xiao Yan gradually became a lot calmer after seeing that downcast appearance of Xin Lan. She was not very strong. Moreover it seemed that the Ye clan was currently not in a very good state. Even if Xin Lan could convince them to aid the Little Fairy Doctor it was likely that they would not possess the ability to do so.
"Who are you? You actually dare to randomly barge into my Ye clan!"
Xin Lan"s voice had just sounded when the expression of an old man in the large hall sank. He stood up and angrily cried at Xiao Yan. There were some other elders within the Ye clan beside...
Chapter 1069: Whereabouts
A gloomy expression flashed across Xiao Yan"s face when he saw the green-clothed old man stand up.
"Leave quickly..." Xin Lan"s expression also changed as she hurriedly turned to Xiao Yan and commanded.
The two Elders who had blocked Xiao Yan"s path of retreat seemed to have heard her words. Dou Qi slowly surged from their bodies. A cold smile was present on their faces.
"If you are really Xin Lan"s friend please remain in the Ye clan for awhile. We might still be able to have a proper discussion..." The green-clothed old man"s eyes stared intently at Xiao Yan while he spoke in a deep voice.
Xiao Yan was expressionless. The current him was only concerned about the Little Fairy Doctor"s situation. Where would he find the time to bother about whatever Ye clan...
"Follow me."
Xiao Yan"s gaze turned to Xin Lan as he spoke. After which he turned around and walked toward the exit of the hall. The two Ye clan"s Elders who were blocking the door were completely ignored by him.
This action of Xiao Yan caused Xin Lan to be a little startled. She looked at his back and knew that if she did not follow...
Chapter 1070: Falling God Stream
The Fallen God Stream was located in the northern part of the Pill Region. The terrain of this place was complicated with the land appearing as though it had been hacked at by a humongus axe forming numerous crack lines in the process. Each crack was over tens of thousands of feet long. Moreover these mountain streams were also unfathomably deep. There was a poison fog that permeated it. Countless numbers of lethal poisonous creatures were present. The environment was extremely terrible. It could be considered a dangerous place in the Pill Region.
Under normal circumstances there was seldom anyone who would come to this Fallen God Stream with the exception of those with special requirements. However due to the matter of the Woeful Poison Lady this originally desolate Fallen God Stream had swiftly become lively.
The people in the Central Plains had quite a deep memory of the Woeful Poison Body. In the past some people who had possessed the Woeful Poison Body had appeared. However all of these people ended up causing a disaster in the Central Plains without exception...
Wherever the Poison Body passed life would cease to exist everything...
Chapter 1071: Extermination by the Ice River Valley
Xiao Yan"s tightened heart gradually relaxed as he looked at the white-colored figure in the cave.
"It"s good that she"s alright..."
Xiao Yan muttered softly to himself within his heart. His eyes swiftly landed on the old man in the air above the mountain stream. The old man"s head was full of white hair. His clothes were white with some snow-flower-like lines over them. His entire being emitted a chillness from the inside out.
Xiao Yan"s eyes paused on that old man. His eyes narrowed "Six star Dou Zong..."
Xiao Yan mused for a moment before turning his gaze away. At this moment there were dozens of white-clothed figures standing around the mountain stream. Clearly they were the disciples from the Ice River Valley. His gaze took one look around before they finally paused on a huge protruding rock on the edge of the mountain stream. There were two white-clothed old men standing with their hands behind them at that spot. One of them possessed a strength similar to the person in the air who had reached the six star Dou Zong level. The one behind might be inferior to these two but his strength had reached that of a two star Dou Zong.
"There are three elite Dou Zongs....
Chapter 1072: Turning the Situation Around
"Xiao Yan..."
The Little Fairy Doctor was startled as she looked at the young man standing beside the mountain stream. A beautiful smile slowly surfaced on her pale pretty face. It was the joyous beautiful smile of someone finding great hope while one was in despair.
Bing Yuan"s eyes stared at Xiao Yan in a dark and dense manner. His ice-cold voice appeared as though it had risen from hell "Brat you dare to meddle in the affairs of my Ice River Valley?
After scanning the area with his eyes earlier Bing Yuan had discovered that the dozens of elite Ice River Valley disciples around the mountain stream had been reduced by half. A dense bloody scent spread over the place. Clearly these missing disciples had already perished to the hands of this person. This result caused an incomparable fury and killing intent to surge in his heart. His eyes were just like that of a ferocious fierce wolf as they stared at Xiao Yan.
Xiao Yan merely smiled as he sensed the savage expression in Bing Yuan"s eyes. He casually said "The people from the Ice River Valley are all really bad apples..."
"A one...
Chapter 1073: Extremely Weak
The invisible spiritual storm rotated around Tian Huo zun-zhe. His body was floating through the air while wave after wave of strange ripples were continuously formed around his body. His indifferent eyes turned to the shocked Bing Fu but he did not say anything. Instead his body moved and mysteriously disappeared...
Bing Fu"s heart immediately turned cold the instant Tian Huo zun-zhe disappeared. His body hurriedly withdrew as he loudly cried out "This friend the old me is Bing Fu from the Ice River Valley. The matter today is unrelated to you. Please do not interfere in today"s matter on account of the Ice River Valley! The Ice River Valley will provide you a great reward as thanks after this matter is over!"
There was a thread of panic that was difficult to hide in Bing Fu"s cry. This elite eight star Dou Zong who had just appeared completely turned the situation around. He could not understand why a little fellow would possess such a terrifying lineup with him.
"Ice River Valley? Is it very great? This alone cannot deter the old me."
The space in front of Bing Fue fluctuated after his voice sounded. Tian Huo zun-zhe"s figure...
Chapter 1074: Leave No One
Bing He"s expression turned white. His body did not dare to even move a little. He knew that if he dared to make even the slightest unusual movement his head would be smashed into pieces with a "bang" appearing just like a watermelon that had landed on the ground.
Bing He"s body maintained his pose of being about to climb to his feet. He swallowed a mouthful of saliva. A moment later he quietly turned around a little and spoke in a hoarse voice "If you kill me this Pill Region will have nowhere that you can hide!"
Xiao Yan looked down at the pale-white face of Bing He from above. However he merely laughed and said "Since I have intervened I am naturally not afraid of whatever Ice River Valley of yours."
"Humph what an arrogant tone. Don"t think that you possess the qualification to fight with the Ice River Valley by possessing an eight star Dou Zong spiritual body and puppet. My strength is merely ranked among the weakest among the Elders of the Ice River Valley. Moreover even Bing He and Bing Yuan are ranked at the middle. If the true experts from my Ice River Valley come out the capital that you are proud of will immediately become not even worth mentioning!" Even...
Chapter 1075: Recuperate
Sticky fresh blood was scattered on the stone fragments beside the mountain stream. A dense bloody scent was emitted. Numerous ice-cold corpses had collapsed in a mess beside the stone fragments.
Everything in this place was quiet. Only a bloody scent that refused to disappear lingered indicating that an intense battle had occurred here earlier.
The silence in this place continued for a long time. Only then was it broken by the many sounds of rushing wind that suddenly appeared in the sky. Their expressions changed suddenly when they discovered the corpses on the ground.
An elderly figure slowly landed on an enormous rock. From the looks of his appearance he was that elder from the Ice River Valley who had been guarding the entrance to the Fallen God Stream.
The Ice River Valley elder stopped and looked on with shock at the ground full of bodies. With a twist of his body he appeared behind a large stone and stared unbelieving at three corpses before him. A couple seconds later he took in a deep breath.
"Elder Bing Xian..."
An Ice River Valley"s disciple with a similarly pale-white face landed beside the old man. He swallowed a mouthful of saliva and softly said "All the corpses...
Chapter 1076: Traces of the Sky Poison Dragon Scorpion Beast
The expulsion of the Ice Zun Force from the Little Fairy Doctor"s body took nearly four days of Xiao Yan"s time. Xiao Yan had mixed around a hundred types of medicinal ingredients" medicinal strength into the water during these four days. After which he allowed the Little Fairy Doctor to absorb all of them into her body. Only then was the Ice Zun Force hidden in her body gradually forced out.
Due to this Xiao Yan felt that the Ice Zun Force of the Ice River Valley was troublesome to deal with. However this special Dou Qi that could only be practiced after one had reached the strength of a Dou Zong did indeed have extraordinary aspects.
Xiao Yan was seated cross-legged on a stone within the warmly lit mountain cave. A wooden tub with rising heat was in front of him. The wooden tub was filled with a bright-red medicinal liquid. The Little Fairy Doctor was seated within it. She bit her lower red lip with the back of her teeth and droplets of perspiration formed while carrying some cold air. After which they rolled down her face and fell into the wooden tub. The perspiration was subsequently scattered by the heat within the...
Chapter 1077: Advancement
Xiao Yan did not become hasty despite having obtained traces of the Sky Poison Dragon Scorpion Beast. A fierce beast with the strength of an eight star Dou Zong was not an ordinary being. If he did prepare enough it was likely that his chances of succeeding would not be great.
At the moment Xiao Yan"s strength was merely that of a one star Dou Zong. The Little Fairy Doctor had exceeded Xiao Yan"s expectations and reached the level of a six star Dou Zong. This kind of training speed was also quite great. If they were to join hands it would not be impossible to kill the Sky Poison Dragon Scorpion Beast. However they would definitely exhaust a ton of effort to do so. After all an eight star Dou Zong was similar to an existence like Fei Tian. Additionally no one knew just what kind of trump cards the other party possessed. If they failed to capture him the first time and allowed him to flee where would they go to look for him?
Moreover even if Xiao Yan possessed the energy to do so the Little Fairy Doctor did not have the strength to do so at the moment. Hence he would rather not act. Once he acted he would have absolute confidence he...
Chapter 1078: Sky Poison Dragon Scorpion Beast
Poison fog lingered deep within the Fallen God Stream. Even the air contained a little stench. It would be quite troublesome if it was absorbed into one"s body.
The interior of the Fallen God Stream was filled with a countless number of enormous dark-black crevices. Occasionally numerous roars would be emitted from these fissures. All the living creatures in this place seemed to possess a lethal poison after years of evolution. If one were careless one would fall in the most unexpected place.
The faint sound of rushing wind suddenly appeared in this desolate region. Immediately a couple of figures rushed over from the distance. Their figures flashed a couple of times and appeared a hundred meters away. It was only possible to see their appearance once they approached. Naturally they were Xiao Yan"s group searching for the Sky Poison Dragon Scorpion Beast.
Xiao Yan"s figure gently landed beside a black rock. His eyes looked into the distance but his sight was severely impeded due to the poison fog...
Chapter 1079: Dragon Scorpion Tribe
A solemness flashed across the Little Fairy Doctor"s pretty eyes as she looked at the figure in the sky where poison fog permeated. This Sky Poison Dragon Scorpion Beast possessed an extremely frightening strength. A fierce battle was likely unavoidable today if they wanted to hunt it.
A blood-red figure remained suspended in the sky. Enormous dragon wings slowly flapped behind it carrying wave after wave of wild wind. However other than the wings and the sharp scorpion tail behind this Sky Poison Dragon Scorpion Beast was no different from an ordinary human. Moreover his face was extremely handsome. Additionally there was an evil-feeling vaguely seeping from him.
The Sky Poison Dragon Scorpion Beast slowly descended from the sky. Finally it paused in the air above. His eyes swept over the Little Fairy Doctor before pausing on Xiao Yan beside her. He lifted his eyebrows and laughed "I was wondering why you have the guts to deliver yourself to this place. You have actually got some helpers. However just this brat"s two star Dou Zong"s strength makes him unworthy of attacking this king!"
"I have come to this place with the intention of obtaining...
Chapter 1080: Slaughtering the Sky Poison Dragon Scorpion Beast
Xiao Yan turned his head after watching the Earth Demon Puppet and Tian Huo zun-zhe charge the Sky Poison Dragon Scorpion Beast. He threw his gaze toward the countless numbers of poison beast emitting a loud rumble while heading this way. Due to these beasts being closed by Xiao Yan could see that two figures were standing on the backs of a large Magical Beast at the front. The two vast and mighty auras that Xiao Yan had sensed earlier were originating from them.
"This Sky Poison Dragon Scorpion Beast is indeed worthy of being the overlord of the Fallen God Stream. He possesses two underlings with such strength under him." Xiao Yan narrowed his eyes placed his gaze on the two figures and made a comment.
"Leave the two of them to me. You should block the beast crowd. What do you say?" The Little Fairy Doctor sweetly smiled as she asked.
"Is that alright?" Xiao Yan hesitated a little after hearing her before asking.
"The two of them have just reached the strength of a four star Dou Zong. My injuries have already completely healed. It should not be too difficult to deal with them." The Little Fairy Doctor continued to smile as she said "On the other hand there is a great number of beasts in that...
Chapter 1081: Kill
After the enormous body of the Sky Poison Dragon Scorpion Beast smashed into the ground the entire land trembled. It was as though an earthquake had occurred as numerous arm-thick cracks spread from the spot where it had landed...
The body of the Sky Poison Dragon Scorpion Beast formed an enormous pit in the ground. The intense pain that was transmitted from its eye caused it to emit a painful roar. Fresh blood flowed out of its shattered eye like a small stream. The punch from the Earth Demon Puppet earlier had really caused it to suffer.
"Bastard this king will tear all of you into a thousand pieces!"
The Sky Poison Dragon Scorpion Beast roared furiously at the sky. Its voice was filled with an incomparable amount of killing intent and fury. This very day was likely the only time he had ever become so miserable since he had taken the form of a human.
The Sky Poison Dragon Scorpion Beast widened its enormous mouth after it had let out that furious roar. Dense blood-colored energy swiftly agglomerated. Within a short moment it transformed into a blood-colored light pillar that was half a foot wide. The frightening energy contained within...
Chapter 1082: Successful Obtainment
The instant the head of the Sky Poison Dragon Scorpion Beast burst apart the fat and skinny experts who were fighting with the Little Fairy Doctor also sensed something. They turned their heads and looked at the enormous cold corpse which was lying on the ground in the distance. Their expressions suddenly and drastically changed.
The eyes of the two looked at the corpse of the Sky Poison Dragon Scorpion Beast. Disbelief filled their eyes. Being the beast"s subordinates they were clearly aware of its strength. Even though there were a countless number of vicious poison beings within this Fallen God Stream the strength of the Sky Poison Dragon Scorpion Beast was ranked among the top. In the past there were some human experts who had come to provoke it but their fates were to become part of the yellow soil in this region. The fierce reputation of the Sky Poison Dragon Scorpion Beast was something that no one dared offend during these years...
Unfortunately the scene that had appeared today had caused the fierce reputation of the Sky Poison Dragon Scorpion Beast to completely disappear...
The skinny...
Chapter 1083: Refining the Yin Yang Life Soul Pill
A dense poison fog lingered in the air of a small valley in the northern region of the Fallen God Stream. This fog made it difficult for one to clearly see the interior of the valley. If one looked from a closer spot one would coincidentally see a couple of figures standing in it. They were Xiao Yan"s group which had just obtained the Monster Core and the Essence Blood of the Sky Poison Dragon Scorpion Beast.
"Based on what Xin Lan has said the Ice River Valley"s experts should have already entered the Fallen God Stream. Perhaps they will find us quite soon..." A bonfire was burning within the valley emitting some light from the flame as Xiao Yan voiced his thoughts.
"Yes. Moreover there is an existence at the peak of the Dou Zong class among those who arrived this time around." Xin Lan nodded. Her face was grave. The peak of the Dou Zong class a strength was even greater than that of the Sky Poison Dragon Scorpion Beast. Although Xiao Yan currently had two eight star Dou Zong beings around him it was likely very hard for them to obtain the upper hand in such a fight. After all the peak of the Dou Zong class was the strongest...
Chapter 1084: Refining A Body
A hot air wave was flowing to and fro within the quiet small valley causing the poison fog in the air to continuously pale..
There was a human figure sitting on an enormous rock in the valley. An enormous crimson medicinal cauldron was suspended in the air in front of the figure. Jade-green flames burned fiercely within the cauldron. The hot air wave of the valley was spreading from this place...
A couple of human figures were standing a hundred meters away from this enormous rock. Their gazes were gathered on the medicinal cauldron.
"It has already been six days..."
Xin Lan looked at the focused human figure on the enormous rock sighed softly and commented.
"A tier 7 medicinal pill is not easy to refine. Naturally one must spend some time..." The Little Fairy Doctor was not surprise. She softly said "Moreover the Pill Qi within the medicinal cauldron is becoming denser. It is likely that it will not be long until the pill is formed."
Xin Lan nodded when she heard the Little Fairy Doctor"s explanation. She was just about to speak when the medicinal cauldron a short distance away suddenly shook. A clear buzzing sound rippled from it and...
Chapter 1085: Peak of the Dou Zong Class
The entrance to the valley was a path that was a couple of dozen feet wide. The Little Fairy Doctor and Xin Lan were seated cross-legged on the walls beside the path. The Earth Demon Puppet with its hollow eyes was beside them.
Xin Lan held her cheeks with her hand as her gaze repeatedly swept over the valley. There had been no commotion in the valley during these couple of days of waiting. She really did not know how things were progressing...
"Ugh..." Xin Lan softly sighed. She stretched her lazy waist and was just about to speak to the Little Fairy Doctor beside her when the Little Fairy Doctor"s tightly shut eyes were suddenly opened. A grave expression instantly surged onto her pretty face.
"What is it?"
Xin Lan was shocked when she saw the appearance of the Little Fairy Doctor and she hurriedly asked.
"The people from the Ice River Valley... have arrived..." An icy cold glint flashed across the Little Fairy Doctor"s pretty eyes. She slowly stood up from the ground as a faint killing intent gradually wreathed out of her body.
Xin Lan"s expression also changed when she heard the Little Fairy Doctor"s words. Her eyes hurriedly looked to the outside of the valley. She indeed saw some white figures in the distance.
"You are the Woeful Poison Lady right?"
While Xin Lan was looking at the area outside of...
Chapter 1086: Throwing An Egg Against A Stone (Useless Effort)
"Dou Zun?"
These two simple words appeared to possess an demonic power that instantly caused the air above the land to solidify. The chilly killing aura that was formed by the many Ice River Valley"s disciples completely collapsed in the face of these two words!
Two figures slowly walked out of the entrance of the valley. Xiao Yan lifted the Little Fairy Doctor up and saw the hint of blood on the corner of her mouth. The slight smile on his face involuntarily tightened. However this smile was filled with a killing aura and a chilly feeling.
"Have you succeeded?"
"The Little Fairy Doctor looked at Tian Huo zun-zhe behind Xiao Yan and asked joyfully.
Xiao Yan grinned slightly and nodded. He asked "Are you alright?"
"It"s just some minor injuries." The Little Fairy Doctor randomly replied. This time around she had paid some attention and did not allow the Ice Zun Force to invade her body. Additionally that Tian She wanted to capture her alive. Therefore he had held back when he launched his palm attack. It was due to this that her injuries were not considered serious.
Xiao Yan grabbed the Little Fairy Doctor"s hand. He only...
Chapter 1087: Sun Flame
Grug!
Fresh blood was spat out as Tian She"s body fell from the sky. His feet staggered over a dozen steps on the ground before he gradually steadied himself. A pale whiteness surged onto his shriveled face.
Bang! Bang!
All the elite Ice River Valley"s disciples also flew backwards appearing to suffer from a heavy blow while Tian She was forced back. After which they collapsed onto the ground one after another. No one knew if they were dead or alive. Only the three white-clothed Elders present were able to barely stabilize their bodies. However their faces were currently covered in shock. None of them had expected the great formation formed from all of their strengths would be unable to last for even one exchange in the hands of this person in front of them. An elite Dou Zun was indeed not someone they could defeat by just relying on numbers.
"This person"s control of spatial strength has reached an incredible level. He doesn"t appear like someone who has just advanced to the Dou Zun class!"
Some shock swiftly surged into Tian She"s eyes as he stabilized his body. His swiftly scanned over the Ice River Valley"s disciples who had been shaken until they were unconscious....
Chapter 1088: Black Fire Sect
"In that case let"s make a trip to Ye City... it is best that we resolve the issue of the Woeful Poison Body as soon as possible. If none of you have any objections we will head out now. What do you say?"
Xiao Yan was unable to say anything more after hearing Xin Lan plea. He nodded and made his decision. After which he turned his head to Tian Huo zun-zhe and the Little Fairy Doctor and asked them what they thought.
The Little Fairy Doctor naturally had no objections to this. After some deep thinking Tian Huo zun-zhe also nodded. He said "After advancing to a Dou Zun I am already able to continuously absorb the natural energy and turn it into Dou Qi in my body. I can also train while traveling. It is not a problem to start moving now."
Xiao Yan smiled when he saw they were both in agreement. He immediately walked out of the Fallen God Valley. Tian Huo zun-zhe and the others quickly followed from behind.
After two days of traveling Xiao Yan"s group gradually approached the exit of the Fallen God Stream. The human traffic gradually increased. For safety"s sake Xiao Yan"s group...
Chapter 1089: Sun Fire Ancient Alter
The young man"s calm voice was just like flowing water as it crossed the large hall. This caused everyone to be stunned. Such a tone was really filled with extraordinary arrogance.
The black-clothed elders who were called Zhao Hei and Qin Mo were startled when they heard his voice. Their expressions immediately turned sinister. Both pairs of eyes looked at the young man who was slowly walking in like fierce wolves. A moment later they ferociously smiled "A mere two star Dou Zong dares to act so presumptuously in front of the two of us old fellows!"
"There is still forty seconds." The young man appeared to have not heard the ferocious laughs of the two of them. A somewhat lazy voice was emitted from his mouth.
"Kill him!"
Zhao Hei"s expression was dark and chilly as he slowly commanded.
A fierce expression instantly flew into the eyes of the many people from the Black Fire Sect the moment they heard this order. Powerful Dou Qi surged out of their bodies. After which they unleashed their Dou Qi together without any prior agreement and rushed toward the young man who was slowly walking over.
A jade-green flame surged out of Xiao Yan"s body and transformed into a fire barrier....
Chapter 1090: Poison Dan Method Begin!
The Little Fairy Doctor nodded when she heard him. She inhaled a deep breath of air and suppressed the anxiety in her heart. After which she sat cross-legged on the altar. She straightened her upper body. Her long neck and narrow waist formed an alluring curve.
Xiao Yan also sat down. He raised his head and looked at the countless lights that shot down from the sky. His hand gently caressed the empty air. Immediately a warm feeling was emitted from his palm. He sensed a kind of pure light and heat in the sunlight.
"Not bad..." Xiao Yan slightly praised. This was indeed a good place. Even if he did not do anything this place would cause the Little Fairy Doctor"s Woeful Poison Body to be naturally suppressed. Thus they would be able to avoid the situation of having the Woeful Poison Body erupt midway through causing some unnecessary trouble.
Xiao Yan"s eyes slightly shifted. After which they paused on the dark-black stone tablet set in the altar. Ye Zhong had already mentioned that this stone tablet was the key to activating this altar.
Xiao Yan"s hands gently pushed the dark-black stone tablet. A hot feeling surged from within. However it did not cause Xiao Yan the slightest...
Chapter 1091: I Will Kill Whoever Dares Touch You!
Xiao Yan"s hand slightly curled. A suction force pulled the Bodhisattva Body Transformation Saliva from the jade box into his hand. His eyes coagulated. A green-white flame separated from the surface of the Little Fairy Doctor"s body. After which it wrapped around the Bodhisattva Body Transformation Saliva.
When the flame made contact with the Bodhisattva Body Transformation Saliva it immediately began to writhe as though it had been provoked. From the looks of it it seemed that it intended to escape the flame.
Xiao Yan would not allow such a situation to occur. The Bodhisattva Body Transformation Saliva might possess a unique effect but it needed to undergo a slight refinement by the Heavenly Flame before it could be used on the Little Fairy Doctor"s body.
The green-white flame churned even more intensely. He slightly clenched his hand. Under this frightening temperature the Bodhisattva Body Transformation Saliva lasted two to three minutes before it gradually ceased wiggling...
"Huh?"
Xiao Yan removed the Bodhisattva Body Transformation Saliva from the flame after the refinement was completed. However he was surprised to see that the Bodhisattva Body Transformation Saliva had gradually revealed many emerald-green dust-like particles. In the blink of an eye they formed an emerald-green bead the size of a palm.
The Bodhisattva Body Transformation Saliva slightly trembled the instant the emerald-green...
Chapter 1092: Core Bead
Numerous rays of light scattered down from the sky onto the ancient altar. Finally they entered the interior of the altar as though it had a true form bringing about wave after wave of warmth.
Xiao Yan sat cross-legged under the many intersecting light rays. He glanced at the Little Fairy Doctor in front of him. There was no longer even the faintest bit of poison vapor being emitted from the surface of her body. Her skin that had originally been a pale-white because of the Woeful Poison Body had once again emitted healthy sleek red color. Clearly this body of hers that had been destroyed by the poison over many years had once again been revitalized.
Xiao Yan"s eyes swept around before they paused on the Little Fairy Doctor"s smooth lower abdomen. At this moment a surging energy was located at that spot. Moreover this energy was continuously shrinking to that spot at a speed visible to the naked eye. In the face of this shrinking the Little Fairy Doctor"s naked body appeared like warm jade as it slowly emitted a faint luster. Looking from a distance she appeared just like...
Chapter 1093: Obtain
Core Bead. Normally it was called the Core Fire Bead. It was a kind of energy bead formed from essence energy that was found deep underground after a countless number of years. This kind of bead contained an extremely vast mighty energy within it. It was rumored that some tier 8 or even tier 9 medicinal pill would use this legendary Core Fire Bead.
This legendary Core Bead was usually hidden deep underground and was extremely difficult to find. However when some volcanoes erupted the Core Bead hidden deep within might be spat out. Normally speaking most Core Beads in the hands of certain individuals were obtained by this method. It was extremely rare for someone to personally find this Core Bead deep underground like Xiao Yan just did.
Xiao Yan"s heart involuntarily beat a little faster when he saw this Core Bead. He similarly understood just how rare a Core Bead was. Moreover the Core Bead was also a key ingredient in refining the Core Lightning Bead.
The Core Lightning Bead was not a medicinal pill. Instead it was a refinement that utilized an extremely unorthodox formula. It referred a kind of strange refining method to refine the Core...
Chapter 1094: Imminent Big Battle
A countless number of people within Ye City were stunned as they looked at the white figures that covered the area outside the city. Majestic and shockingly cold auras continuously surged out of the bodies of these people. Finally they influenced the environment of Ye City. The descending temperature within the city and the scattering snowflakes were surprisingly a result of the majestic cold aura!
"These... these are all people from the Ice River Valley?"
"Why have they come to Ye City? Their lineup is this frightening?"
"Don"t tell me that they have come after the Ye clan?"
"Nonsense the Ice River Valley"s status is far greater than the Ye clan or even all the five great clans. Why would they covet after the Ye clan."
"In that case do you think that they summoned such a large force just to come to Ye City to play?"
"......"
Due to the sudden arrival of the Ice River Valley"s large army that had come from all directions Ye City descended into a great uproar. They did not understand just what kind of person could get one of the three large valleys the Ice River Valley to head over with such a large force.
The cold air outside of the city was just like a natural barrier. It finally...
Chapter 1095: Three Changes!
Upon sensing the wild killing intent that surged out of Xiao Yan"s body the eyes of the entire city carried some surprise as they looked at him. Tian She was also a little startled. Immediately he thought about the change. It seemed that Xiao Yan should have some kind of grudge with the Hall of Souls since long ago...
"Tsk tsk not a bad killing intent. It is much stronger than the you back then who only knew how to borrow the strength of others and act mightily because of it..." That black fog also rippled slowly when glared at with Xiao Yan"s blood-red eyes. Protector Wi"s cold laughter was immediately emitted.
Xiao Yan"s blood-red eyes stared intently at Protector Wu. It was a long while later before he inhaled a deep breath of air. His hands trembled as he suppressed the explosive fury and killing intent within his heart. His voice had also become a little hoarse due to his fluctuating emotions.
"You deserve to die."
"Whether the old me deserves to die is not up to you as a younger generation to evaluate with such arrogant words." Protector Wu smiled coldly and said "The old me is even able to capture Yao Chen much less you this useless disciple."
Xiao Yan"s expression was deadly....
Chapter 1096: Terrifying Increase In Strength
A dense-white flame surged out of Xiao Yan"s body in front of the many shocked eyes before it was immediately withdrawn shrinking back into Xiao Yan"s body with lightning-like speed!
Following the return of the flame an unusually powerful aura slowly erupted from Xiao Yan"s body as though it had just been awoken. The surrounding space began to fluctuate under this vast and mighty strength.
Xiao Yan stood in the sky. His face was unusually bright-red. Even his dark-black eyes were covered by a wild and violent energy. This kind of fierce and untamed caused even Xiao Yan to quietly be surprised. He had not expected the eruption of three types of Heavenly Flames to create such a violent energy!
Xiao Yan slowly clenched his fist with much difficulty. His entire body had become a little rigid due to the surging energy. This kind of rigidity lasted for a couple of minutes before Xiao Yan gradually became accustomed to it.
"What an overbearing Skyfire Three Mysterious Change..."
After his body gradually adapted to this kind of wild violent energy even Xiao Yan could not resist gently inhaling a breath of cool air. If his body had not been refined by many natural treasures it was likely that he could forget about using it to fight an opponent. He would suffer a backlash...
Chapter 1097: Easy Crushing
Bang!
The soul-stirring explosion sounded. A surging fire wave swept through the sky at this moment. The fire wave rolled and spread. The high temperature caused the city which had turned icy-cold because of the cold air covering it to swiftly become warm...
Countless numbers of eyes all over the city watched the fire wave spreading across the sky. Their eyes were filled with shock. Within less than five minutes Xiao Yan had completed a perfect counterattack and turned the situation of him being continuously defeated around!
By relying on his two star Dou Zong strength he had defeated Protector Wu whose strength had reached that of an eight star Dou Zong. Such a situation was extremely unbelievable to everyone"s eyes. The gap between every star in the Dou Zong class was unusually wide. Attempting to fight an opponent across stars was not something an ordinary person could accomplish yet the situation appearing in front of them caused the skin on the heads of quite a number of people to become numb. This fellow... was really far too abnormal.
Tian She"s group swiftly pulled some distance away in the face of the fire wave that was spreading over. His expression changed a little as he looked at the spreading fire wave. The frightening fighting strength...
Chapter 1098: Sky Incinerating Expelling Flames
The seal formed by Xiao Yan"s hands suddenly stiffened after the cold cry sounded in his heart. He clenched his hand and a deep-blue-colored flame slowly curled and rose from his palm.
This deep-blue flame was called the Sea Demon Flame. It was not a Heavenly Flame. Instead it was merely one of the stronger Beast Flames that Xiao Yan had obtained when collecting Beast Flames. This flame originated from the body of a rank 7 Magical Beast the Sea Demon Beast. It was quite strong. Of course it was naturally unable to compare with a Heavenly Flame. However this thing cannot be missing now that Xiao Yan wanted to use the Five Ring Flame Expelling Technique.
The deep-blue flame appeared and immediately swelled. It wiggled in a mysterious manner before transforming into a hundred-foot-large deep-blue fire wolf.
The Five Ring Flame Expelling Technique required five types of flames to form five different fire spirits: a wolf a leopard a lion a tiger and a dragon. Only when all five types of fire spirits appeared together would it be possible to form the Five Ring Flame Expelling Formation. Its strength was extremely frightening. However it was a little unfortunate...
Chapter 1099: Terrifying Clash
The beautiful five-colored flame swept across the sky. Its frighteningly high temperature caused the air to distort. One"s sight would appear a little blurry when one looked over.
Faced with this terrifying five-colored flames a countless number of people within Ye City experienced a change in their expressions. Even with the isolation of the fire curtain they could still sense the wild strength that caused one to be scared. It was difficult to imagine just what it would be like if they were in the place of Tian She"s group?
This answer was something that those who had not experienced first hand could not clearly give. However regardless of how stupid a person was he would know that this kind of feeling would definitely not allow one to feel good.
Of course it was just as everyone had expected. The expressions of Tian She"s group had become unusually ugly while they stood within the light formation. The destructive strength hidden within the brilliant flame was just like a poison needle hidden in the darkness causing all of them to feel a continuous chill within their hearts.
"Old She what should we do?" Bing Xuan swallowed a mouthful of saliva. His expression...
Chapter 1100: Shocking Battle
The five-colored flame and the ice-blue light flew through the sky like meteorites. They used a kind of annihilation-like spectacular momentum and crushed ruthlessly together in front of a countless number of gazes.
"Bang!"
The enormous flame hand was just like an arm that was furiously swung by a fire god. It emitted a world-destroying strength when it came into contact with the arrow!
"Clang!"
A sharp piercing sound resounded over the sky. This sound appeared to be able to penetrate one"s soul causing a painful expression to surface on the faces of a countless number of people. They firmly covered their ears!
"Bang!"
The ice-blue cold arrow blasted apart in all directions at this moment. Under this terrifying cold air even empty space itself had a layer of ice fragments permeating over it!
The enormous flame fist violently came smashing over from outside of the world that was formed by the cold aura. A frightening five-colored flame and an ice-blue cold air mixed together in an uncontrolled manner as they began a life and death erosion!
The five-colored flame and the...
Chapter 1101: Qing Hai
Xiao Yan who had appeared in front of Protector Wu"s sight had a face filled with a dense ferocity. There was some faint traces of blood on the corner of his mouth and his clothes were in tatters. At a glance he appeared a little miserable. Clearly the sweeping fire storm earlier had caused him to suffer some injuries. Of course these little injuries were not worthy of even being mentioned if they were compared to Tian She"s group.
Protector Wu"s body stiffened in the face of that dense voice. His expression had turned much whiter. He could clearly sense the fierce force brewing in the hand on his neck. If the killing intent in Xiao Yan"s eyes rose it was likely that Protector Wu would immediately die in his hands.
Xiao Yan"s left hand wiped away the trace of blood from the corner of his mouth. His eyes did not contain the slightest emotion as they stared at Protector Wu. This Protector Wu from the Hall of Souls had displayed a fierce might on the Misty Cloud Mountain in the Jia Ma Empire back then and had even captured Yao Lao in front of Xiao Yan"s eyes. A couple of years after that incident he had finally fallen to Xiao Yan"s hands in the most miserable condition...
"Back then did you imagine that you would end up...
Chapter 1102: Cold Ice Throne
The smile on Qing Hai"s face that had been filled with a laziness suddenly changed the moment that delicate elegant white-clothed figure appeared. He withdrew his hand in a lightning-like manner. His body shook. He escaped from the solidified space around him. After which he swiftly withdrew.
"Who are you? You dare to intervene in the matters of my Hall of Souls?"
A furious cry was emitted from Qing Hai"s mouth while he withdrew.
The distorted space slowly became calm in front of a countless number of gazes. That white-clothed figure clearly appeared in front of everyone"s eyes.
The lady was wearing a white dress. Looking from a distance she emitted an ethereal demeanor. Her snow-white long hair fell to her lovely buttocks. A gentle breeze blew over and her snow-white hair drifted in the wind appearing elegant and alluring. Due to her position many people were unable to see the exact appearance of this lady. However from her fit delicate waist one could tell that she was a rare beauty.
Xiao Yan would naturally not find this figure foreign. Who else could this person be other than the Little Fairy Doctor?
"Have you succeeded?"
Xiao Yan was stunned as he looked at the Little...
Chapter 1103: Bing Zun-zhe
The chilly air in the sky suddenly reached its peak when the white-robed figure in the distorted space slowly stood up. Snowflakes scattered down from the sky. Within a short moment the entire Ye City was under a sea of snow. Looking from a distance it appeared wrapped in silver looking exceptionally enchanting and cold.
The forward charging bodies of Xiao Yan"s three person group stopped at this moment. Immediately a sense of danger rose from their hearts. Their bodies moved and pulled back with lightning-like speed.
While the three of them were pulling back quickly a cracking sound was suddenly emitted from within the distorted space. Immediately a faint-black ice stairs was slowly extended out. The white-robed figure slowly descended using these black-ice stairs.
Countless numbers of gazes were immediately thrown over when this white-robed figure revealed himself.
The person who had suddenly appeared was wearing white robes. He had a tall figure and his face appeared to be quite young. There was some indifference being emitted from between his brows. Even though this was the case it was still extremely difficult to hide his handsome appearance. However there seemed to be a feminine demeanor being emitted...
Chapter 1104: Reuniting With Xun Er!
A soft gentle voice lingered over the sky. The snowflakes across the sky suddenly paused when the voice spread. After which they melted forming visible ripples that spread out in all directions in a circular fashion...
Xiao Yan whose eyes were blood-red suddenly trembled when this gentle voice that contained an ethereal-feeling reached his ears. The blood color within his eyes swiftly scattered and the Annihilation Fire Lotus in his hand quietly disappeared.
Xiao Yan"s throat vaguely rolled as his eyes slid to the distorted space with an expression of disbelief. This voice... almost a soul-deep familiarity. Even if Xiao Yan had forgotten his own voice this voice that had already been deeply imprinted in his heart would never be forgotten by him!
"Xun Er..."
Xiao Yan"s throat rolled. A moment later a soft muttering tone slowly unfurled from his mouth. The voice contained a false dream-like feeling within it.
The expression of Bing He which had originally been indifferent changed because of this sudden unexpected change. His eyes stared...
Chapter 1105: Golden-Colored Flames
Xiao Yan was surprised when he heard Xun Er"s words. However he did not attempt to stubbornly maintain the so-called pride of a man. He gently nodded. Putting up a brave front could nicely be described as being hot-blooded or it could also be described as being reckless. With Xiao Yan"s experience he would naturally not act like some ordinary young person right now straining his neck and overexerting himself to endure on. If he did that he would be laughed at by others.
"Be careful."
The smile on Xun Er"s face became even richer when she saw that Xiao Yan did not reject her. She did not want Xiao Yan to form a clear distinction between them.
Bing He who saw their eyes gradually turn to him looked at Xun Er and frowned. He slowly demanded "Who are you? This is a matter of my Ice River Valley..."
Bing He was naturally not a fool since he had been able to become the Valley Chief of the Ice River Valley and reach his current level. Ever since Xun Er had appeared he could tell that this lady a strong background. However the members of the Gu clan usually kept a low profile. Some ordinary people had never even heard of this clan that originated from the...
Chapter 1106: Defeat
The golden-colored flame was just like liquid as it slowly flowed around Xun Er"s fingers. While it did so the surrounding space formed some meandering spatial cracks following the outline of the flow...
Xiao Yan"s eyes stared intently at the golden-colored flame. The shock in his eyes was difficult to hide. It was not that he had never seen a Heavenly Flame but this golden-colored flame in Xun Er"s hands caused him to feel afraid for the first time. When this golden-colored flame appeared even the Glazed Lotus Heart Flame within his body emitted a slight trembling noise. It was the first time Xiao Yan had witnessed such a situation in all these years!
Xiao Yan could understand the meaning behind the slight trembling sound emitted by the Glazed Lotus Heart Flame. This was fear!
By being able to cause the Glazed Lotus Heart Flame to feel so afraid it was obvious that the golden-colored flame in Xun Er"s hand was definitely not an ordinary Heavenly Flame. After all the Glazed Lotus Heart Flame was the product from the merger of the Green Lotus Core Flame and the Fallen Heart...
Chapter 1107: Forcing the Enemy to Withdraw
Bing He"s eyes stared at the green-clothed lady in the distance who was standing on empty air. The shock in his eyes was difficult to hide. The Gu clan this ancient faction that kept a low profile would seldom show themselves in the Central Plains. However an expert who had reached a certain qualification and weight would learn just what kind of terrifying strength this clan which had descended from ancient times possessed...
Ever since Xun Er appeared Bing He might have made some guesses about her status and background but he had never sent his guesses in the direction of this Gu clan. After all the clan kept a low profile. It was extremely rare for such a publicized event to occur. Moreover there were many experts in the Central Plains who also possessed hidden factions. Quite a number of these factions had a strength that could contend with the Ice River Valley. However due to the various rules within their factions they were not as renowned as this Ice River Valley. However if the Ice River Valley were to offend the other party until they could no longer endure it even the Ice River Valley would...
Chapter 1108: Seal
Qing Hai"s body was completely sealed by the white-haired old man and his partner. The Dou Qi within his body had even ceased flowing at this moment. He struggled for a while but he was unable to escape. Finally his fierce eyes suddenly turned to Xiao Yan and coldly laughed "If you dare to hurt the old me it will be equivalent to you becoming enemies with the Hall of Souls! The old me doesn"t know just what kind of background you have but offending the Hall of Souls is an extremely foolish action!"
"Ke ke what arrogant words. Is the Hall of Souls that great?" The white-haired man by the side strangely laughed when he heard Qing Hai"s words.
Xiao Yan"s group stepped through the empty air and paused in front of Qing Hai. With a faint smile Xiao Yan uttered "Even if I don"t do anything to you the Hall of Souls will still not let me off. Therefore your threat is useless against me." Xiao Yan"s eyes turned to the two elders on Qing Hai"s sides after speaking until this point. He cupped his hands together and respectfully said "I have troubled the both of you."
"Ke ke it is merely young miss"s orders. There is no need to thank us." The black-clothed...
Chapter 1109: Plans
The strange gray-colored Qi flow and the golden-colored flame quietly collided where both of their hands made contact. However no loud sound appeared. The two of them quietly mingled. A slight sizzling sound and energy ripple erupted from the point of contact.
This sudden unexpected change caused the black-clothed old man to be startled. He hurriedly stepped forward and wanted to intervene. However he stopped after hesitating. His gaze carefully swept over the Little Fairy Doctor and surprise flashed across his eyes. Her appearance and demeanor did not lose to even Xun Er. Moreover the thing that surprised him most was the Little Fairy Doctor"s strength. Such a young elite Dou Zun was indeed quite shocking. Just what was so good about this little fellow? He had so many outstanding ladies beside him.
"What are the two of you doing?"
Xiao Yan by the side similarly experienced a change in expression due to the sudden battle between the Little Fairy Doctor and Xun Er. He hurriedly extended his hand over. When he was about to forcefully pull the two ladies apart the jade-like hands that had been together gently withdrew....
Chapter 1110: Mystery of the Ancient Jade
The hustle and bustle created from the soul-stirring battle during the day finally paled as night gradually covered Ye City. However many people"s hearts were still filled with excitement and exhilaration because of the battle. A battle of this level was something rarely seen across the Central Plains.
What peaked the curiosity of the people in Ye City was the identity of the green-clothed lady who appeared near the end. These people in the Pill Region clearly understood just what kind of strong faction this Ice River Valley was yet even Bing He had submitted in front of a countless number of eyes. All of this was due to the mysterious green-clothed lady. From this one could tell that just what kind of a shocking background this lady possessed.
A crescent moon hung in the dark-black night sky as somewhat icy moonlight scattered down covering the city that had been devastated during the day with a layer of faint-silver yarn.
Xiao Yan was seated cross-legged in a guest room deep within the Ye clan manor. Both of his hands had formed a training seal. There was a heated aura vaguely lingering around him as he inhaled and exhaled.
Although...
Chapter 1111: Lost in Passion
Xiao Yan"s expression became increasingly more solemn upon hearing Xun Er"s words. It was indeed as Yao Lao had said. The implication of the Tou She Ancient God"s Jade was indeed too great. Dou Di this was a form to address the ruler of this world. The value of anything even the least bit related to this name would soar!
This point was something that could be identified from just watching the Gu clan. The blood of a Dou Di flowed in the bodies of the members of the Gu clan. This had resulted in the current position of the Gu clan on the Dou Qi continent. Although no one dared call it unique it could definitely be considered among the peak!
"Therefore before Xiao Yan ge-ge has absolute strength you must not expose the Tou She Ancient God"s Jade in your hands!" Xun Er"s expression was unusually grave when she spoke. The current Xiao clan had declined. Even though the ancestors of the Gu clan and the Xiao clan had an agreement there was currently a great difference in opinion in the Gu clan regarding this matter. If this matter were exposed it was difficult to be certain that some experts...
Chapter 1112: Resolving the Demon Poison Spot
Xiao Yan"s body was stiff for an instant before it was enveloped by an even denser more lustful flame. He took the opportunity presented by Xun Er"s stiff body to force his tongue in. He was just like a bandit that was plundering wantonly.
Xun Er was similarly shocked by Xiao Yan"s boldness until her mind became much blurrier. Only after Xiao Yan had barged in did she reflexively began to struggle. However the current her appeared exceptionally weak. Her frightening strength where her punch could penetrate space itself seemed to have completely disappeared at this moment.
The lustful flame burned within Xiao Yan"s chest. His roaming hand around Xun Er"s waist involuntarily climbed. A moment later it finally touched a softness that caused one to brace one"s attention...
The soft touch was just like a spark that lit the fuse of some explosive. Xiao Yan"s hand quietly undid her green clothes revealing her snow-like skin.
"*Cough*... young miss the old me has something to discuss with you."
A dry elderly cough suddenly sounded outside of the door just when Xiao...
Chapter 1113: Breakthrough
The jade-green flame turned into a storm within Xiao Yan"s body with just a thought from his mind. After which it gathered around the Demon Poison Spot. The high temperature caused the poison to wiggle continuously. Wave after wave of faint black fog spread out...
Currently the Demon Poison Spot had already lost its qualification to act fearlessly within Xiao Yan"s body like it did in the past. Back then it was able to completely ignore the Glazed Lotus Heart Flame. However with the increase in Xiao Yan"s strength the little fire seedling back then had turned into a large being!
The Demon Poison Spot appeared just like a herd of goats that had been targeted by a pack of wolves when the jade-green flame that surrounded it. It felt as though it was trembling. It was able to sense that its good days had come to an end...
Xiao Yan"s mind coldly smiled as he observed this Demon Poison Spot. Back then this thing had tortured him until he had suffered. Now however it had become nourishment to raise his strength!
"Refine!"
Xiao Yan cried out softly within his heart. Immediately the jade-green...
Chapter 1114: Commander Ling Quan
Dense crimson energy permeated the spacious room. The high temperature spread causing this room to appear as though it was on fire. Hot air was steaming within it.
Xiao Yan sat cross-legged on the bed. His body was just like a bottomless pit as it continuously absorbed the surrounding bright-red energy into his body. Following the entrance of this bright-red energy his skin began to show a crimson color. Perspiration continuously surfaced on his face followed its outline and dripped down like flowing water.
This was the first time that Xiao Yan had directly absorbed the energy within medicinal ingredients. During his previous trainings he would blend or refine the medicinal ingredients and unleash the energy within the medicinal ingredients to their limits. However he currently did not have sufficient time. The opportunity to breakthrough would disappear in a flash. He did not know when it would appear again if he were to wait...
Fortunately Xiao Yan had the protection of the Heavenly Flame within his body. Although absorbing the crimson-colored energy would still result in waves of searing pain...
Chapter 1115: Blood Jade Token
Ling Quan"s expression had become quite ugly as he looked at the young man standing there emitting a majestic aura.
"Four star Dou Zong?"
Ling Quan"s eyes were gloomy as he stared at Xiao Yan. His heart was filled with disbelief. When he had seen Xiao Yan at the Inner Academy back then Xiao Yan only had the strength of a Dou Ling. At that time Xiao Yan did not even possess the qualifications to meet his eyes. If not for the presence of First Elder Su Qian back then he would have definitely given Xiao Yan a memory that he would not forget.
However Ling Quan had never expected this trash of the Xiao clan to reach the Dou Zong class when they finally met again after only a short few years! Moreover Xiao Yan was only one star weaker than him. How could Ling Quan not be stunned by this vast difference?
While Ling Quan"s expression was gloomy Xiao Yan"s eyes slowly swept across him. Immediately the corner of his mouth was lifted into a slight smile that was filled with a chill. Back then this fellow had wanted to fight him when fetching Xun Er. If First Elder Su Qian had not intervened back then...
Chapter 1116: Weak!
The atmosphere within the courtyard stiffened at this moment. A gentle breeze blew over but it was unable to resolve the tense atmosphere...
In front of the blood-red jade token in Ling Quan"s hands even the two black-clothed elders did not dare do anything. This Blood Jade Token possessed an extremely powerful deterrence within the Gu clan. Even the two of them did not dare to easily ignore it.
Xiao Yan"s eyes turned to Ling Quan. Immediately they paused on his dense face. A chill slowly surged within Xiao Yan"s dark-black eyes...
Xun Er"s eyes paused on the blood-colored jade token in Ling Quan"s hands for an instant. Her face had also become very dangerous. She did not expect this fellow to be in possession of the Blood Jade Token!
"Ling Quan leave with me now and I can treat it as though nothing has happened!" Xun Er inhaled a gentle breath of air. Her bright eyes stared at Ling Quan as she slowly spoke.
The corner of Ling Quan"s mouth slightly trembled. A moment later he slowly shook his head. The more Xun Er acted like this the greater the intensity of the killing intent in his heart was.
"Young miss this is an order from the Elders. I have no right not to obey it!"
Xun Er"s expression gradually calmed down in the face of the words from Ling Quan. She softly said...
Chapter 1117: Repaying Debt
A calm voice slowly resounded over the sky. After which it gently spread...
The dozen plus Black Submerged Army members who were Ling Quan"s subordinates were stunned. They had never expected Ling Quan to be this miserably defeated in Xiao Yan"s hands. They had clearly seen the lightning-like exchange earlier. Xiao Yan didn"t even use a single Dou Technique since the beginning!
In other words Xiao Yan had relied on the Dou Qi within his body yet not only did he block all of Ling Quan"s Dou Techniques but he had captured Ling Quan in a lighting-like fashion after only a couple of exchanges!
The shock that had been formed by this scene was considerably great to them!
"This... he is the trash of the Xiao clan that commander Ling Quan spoke of? Such strength... even among the members of the younger generation of the Gu clan he could be ranked within the top ten!"
The dozen plus people faced each other. All of them saw a shocked expression in each other"s eyes. Xiao Yan"s simple attack had given them a great shock.
"This little fellow"s fighting experience is much greater than Ling Quan"s fighting experience. Moreover his Dou Qi is sturdy. At one glance one can tell that he is someone with a very strong foundation. Ling Quan"s...
Chapter 1118: Departure
The corner of Xiao Yan"s mouth was curled into a cold smile as he observed the terrified expression that surfaced in Ling Quan"s eyes. He believed that after the fight today he would leave behind an imprint and a phobia in the other party"s heart. In the future regardless of what level this Ling Quan reached this shadow of failure would surface from deep within his soul as long as he stood in front of Xiao Yan. This would result in Ling Quan being unable to maintain his peak condition in front of Xiao Yan.
Xiao Yan tightly held Ling Quan"s neck with his hand. A moment later he tossed Ling Quan ruthlessly sending him into the stone pillar of the stone pavilion. That powerful force caused some lines to spread across the stone pillar.
"Grug."
Ling Quan could not resist spitting out a mouthful of fresh blood after receiving such a heavy blow. His life force was weak as he lay on the ground. No one knew if he was dead or alive.
"Commander Ling Quan?"
Those dozen plus members of the Black Submerged Army hurriedly rushed over upon seeing this. Ling Quan was after all their superior. If he was beaten to death by Xiao Yan in this place they would definitely have...
Chapter 1119: Elder"s Seat
The faces of Ye Zhong and Xin Lan were covered with uncontrolled joy and excitement before they gradually calmed down. After the events that had happened during this period of time there was no longer anyone within the Ye clan who dared to feel the slightest doubt about Xiao Yan"s abilities.
"Mister Xiao it is not considered especially difficult in order to enter a Pill Tower Elder"s Seat. Of course this is speaking in relative terms. At the very least my current Ye clan is unable to meet that criteria." Ye Zhong rubbed his hands and sighed "There are a total of five great clans within the Pill Region. These five great clans have existed since long ago. During that time long ago the clan heads who had established the five great clans were all the core members of the Pill Tower. According to the rules as long as the five great clans are able to meet some requirements in the future they will be able to occupy a seat in the Pill Tower Elders" Seats."
"The five great clans all have extremely large forces. With the huge name of the Pill Tower they can basically roam this Pill Region without restriction....
Chapter 1120: Bitter Pill Refinement Training
Xiao Yan undoubtedly felt pressed for time after having agreed to Ye Zhong"s request. He needed to try his best to practice and raise his medicinal refinement skill within two short months. Facing outstanding alchemists who came from all over the continent and trying to stand out among them caused even Xiao Yan to feel the weight of the matter.
This kind of competition was completely different than an ordinary battle. This was a fight on a completely different level. The difficulty of such a competition was also much harsher compared to using Dou Qi to wildly charge forward. After all refining pills did not rely on going out with a bang. It required one to be calm as one controlled everything within a medicinal cauldron to an extremely precise degree!
Another way to describe raising one"s medicinal refining skill was burning money or rather burning medicinal ingredients. No matter how outstanding the talent of an alchemist was actual practice was still the most important. If one needed to practice refining pills one naturally must not lack medicinal ingredients. At Xiao Yan"s level the medicinal ingredients he used to practice...
Chapter 1121: Cao Clan
Xiao Yan had just exited the Pill Refinement Room when he saw the Little Fairy Doctor outside. He quickly walked to her and frowned as he asked "What has happened?"
The Little Fairy Doctor spread her hands as she glanced at the frowning Xiao Yan. She replied "The Ye clan has encountered some trouble..."
"Trouble? There is still someone who dares to find trouble the Ye clan?" Xiao Yan"s eyes swept around him and discovered that the Ye clan"s guards who were originally here had already left. Clearly the trouble this time around was not ordinary. However the thing that caused Xiao Yan to feel a little strange was that there were very few people who dared to find trouble with the Ye clan after the big battle back then. Just who had come this time around?
"The ones who have come this time around are not an ordinary faction..." The Little Fairy Doctor appeared to understand what Xiao Yan was thinking when she glanced at him. She laughed "Cao clan one of the five great clans of the Pill Region."
"Cao clan?"
Xiao Yan knit his brows. He had naturally heard of the five great clans of the Pill Region. This Cao clan was one of them. Of course this clan could not be compared with the declining Ye clan....
Chapter 1122: Betting
A faint cold laugh sounded within the front yard causing Cao Dan"s expression to become much darker and more solemn. He turned his head and his eyes landed on a door leading to the front yard. Two figures slowly appeared at that spot...
"I was wondering why the Ye clan had suddenly become so firm. It has found quite a number of helpers..." Cao Dan watched Xiao Yan and the Little Fairy Doctor as they slowly walked over. The corner of his mouth moved slightly as he spoke with a cold laugh.
Xiao Yan looked at this man in front of him who appeared quite young. His eyes paused for a moment on the badge on his chest and some surprise flashed across them. This Cao clan was indeed worthy of being an alchemist family. The younger generation that it had groomed was actually this strong.
It was the first time in all these years that Xiao Yan had seen such a young tier 7 alchemist!
Of course Xiao Yan did not feel surprise that the other party was able to gain such an achievement. The continent was very vast and there would definitely be some pill refining geniuses. This along with the grooming of an alchemist family like the Cao clan from a young age...
Chapter 1123: Playing With Fire
Even Cao Dan was involuntarily startled when he saw that Xiao Yan had really ended up agreeing to this bet. A cold smile involuntarily spread over his face.
"You are indeed bold!"
After laughing with a voice that appeared to either be filled with ridicule or praise Cao Dan turned his head and respectfully said to the gray-clothed old man "Honorary Elder Ku please leave this matter to me."
The gray-clothed old man nodded his head without any change in expression upon hearing this. However he let out a sigh of relief within his heart. The cool eyes of the Little Fairy Doctor had caused him to form goosebumps. It was not as though he had never heard of the reputation of the Woeful Poison Body. However it was indeed the first time that he had seen a Woeful Poison Body that had reached the strength of the Dou Zun class.
"Just step back..."
After seeing the gray-clothed old man step back Cao Dan turned his body to those behind him and waved his hand. That group of people hurriedly pulled back and immediately created an empty space in the front yard.
"Mister Xiao Yan you... you really intend to compete in terms of playing with fire with him?" Ye Zhong hesitated for...
Chapter 1124: Witch of the Cao Clan
Ten clusters of different-colored flames transformed into ferocious fire beasts that slowly rose into the sky. Various-colored glows landed on the stunned expressions of everyone below as they did so causing the scene to appear exceptionally comical.
The ten types of flames along with the earlier Green Lotus Core Flame formed a total of eleven flames. Xiao Yan was able to control eleven flames with his own strength!
The courtyard was silent as everyone watched this shocking scene. It was a moment later before some noises from the inhalation of cold air slowly appeared...
Each time one controlled an additional flame it would impose a harsh toll on one"s Spiritual Strength. With Cao Dan"s ability he was at the most able to control four types of flames. Moreover this had already allowed him to reach the point where he could hardly find any opponent within the Cao clan yet the current Xiao Yan allowed him to understand what was meant by there was always someone better out there...
Eleven types of flames. Even if Cao Dan were to use all of his Spiritual Strength it was likely that he would be unable...
Chapter 1125: Pressure
Xiao Yan"s expression was solemn as he nodded. If this Cao Ying really possessed a relaxed character it was likely that she would not like this kind of life while being on a high position...
"Ke ke but mister Xiao Yan need not be too afraid. That Cao Ying might be strong but if you were to compete with each other no one will know just who will come out on top as long as she has yet to reach tier 8. Unless she has reached this level there is no guaranteed victory. Refining medicinal pills occasionally relies on one"s condition and luck. Everyone will meet with failure..." Ye Zhong hurriedly laughed. He thought that Xiao Yan was worried after seeing him descend into silence.
Xiao Yan slightly nodded. Tier 8 and tier 7 were two completely different concepts. After all these years it was likely that the only alchemist he had met who could refine a tier 8 medicinal pill was Yao Lao alone...
Xiao Yan had met some tier 7 alchemists after having arrived in the Central Plains region. However he had never met a tier 8 alchemist....
Chapter 1126: Spiritual States
This kind of change was not obvious but it gave Ye Zhong"s group a kind of strange feeling. It appeared as though Xiao Yan who was in front of them had become more dazzling than before he had undertaken the retreat.
The Little Fairy Doctor and Tian Huo zun-zhe were also a little startled because of this change. The Little Fairy Doctor was still fine but Tian Huo zun-zhe seemed to have fallen deep into thought...
Xiao Yan was a little surprised upon seeing so many people outside the door after he walked out of the training room. He helplessly shook his head and questioned "Elder Ye Zhong there is no need for such grandness is there?"
"Ke ke..." Ye Zhong hurriedly recovered upon hearing his words. He laughed before waving his hand and scattering the clan members who had gathered here. With a smile he said "Mister Xiao Yan. We will begin our journey to the Holy Pill City tomorrow. Are you prepared?"
Xiao Yan nodded. It was unexpected that time had passed so quickly during his retreat. Nearly a month had passed within the blink of an eye.
"Mister Xiao Yan nothing is...
Chapter 1127: Hurrying to Holy Pill City!
All the members of the Ye clan were standing at the entrance of the manor the next day. Their eyes were searing hot as they watched Xiao Yan"s group in front of them. Whether the Ye clan would be able to gain a Pill Tower"s Elder"s Seat would depend on Xiao Yan"s placement in the five great clan"s test...
The Ye clan would only be considered to have been elevated if Xiao Yan successfully enters the top three. With the protection of the Pill Tower they would be able to develop in peace. Although they would definitely be unable to surpass a clan like the Cao clan within a short period of time they would at the very least possess the ability to protect themselves. The Ye clan might end up producing a genius of the younger generation like that witch Cao Ying from the Cao clan. Then the Ye clan would be able to gradually rise and regain its former glory.
"Second Elder third Elder I will follow mister Xiao Yan and the rest and head to the Holy Pill City. Therefore I will leave this Ye clan to you..." Ye Zhong spoke in a...
Chapter 1128: Dan Clan
One after another Space Boats flashed past like the falling stars in the night sky. After which they swarmed toward the enormous silver light circle like fish entering the ocean...
The black-colored Space Boat Xiao Yan"s group was riding followed the flow. It resisted the incomparably intense spatial ripple and entered the light circle. Finally it disappeared...
When the boat charged into the silver-colored light circle the intense spatial ripple caused the entire Space Boat to violently jolt. However this jolt lasted less than ten seconds before it disappeared. The silver light that filled the eyes of Xiao Yan"s group gradually weakened. A moment later the silver-colored light glow erupted. A powerful eye-piercing glow caused Xiao Yan"s group to reflexively shut their eyes...
A gentle wind blew over while Xiao Yan"s group shut their eyes. This gentle and warm feeling caused their tensed hearts to gradually relax...
After which an extremely ear-piercing mixture of noises suddenly entered their ears from all...
Chapter 1129: Night Meeting in the Stars Realm
Xiao Yan"s group followed Ye Zhong for around half an hour before they finally descended. They had come to a region to the south...
There was a somewhat spacious courtyard located where Xiao Yan"s group descended. However this courtyard was clearly a little old and damaged. From the looks of it there had not been anyone living here for many years. A wooden plaque was located at the front of the courtyard. There were two vague characters still identifiable on it.
"Ye Manor."
"This is a property of my Ye clan. However with the decline of the Ye clan there is no longer anyone cleaning this place. Still it is not a bad location to temporarily rest..." Ye Zhong turned his head and spoke to Xiao Yan"s group after looking over the courtyard.
Xiao Yan"s group naturally did not have any requirements about where they stay. Moreover this Ye Manor might appear a little old and damaged but it was superior in terms of being quiet. Although there was still quite a great amount of traffic around it was quite remote when compared to other...
Chapter 1130: Branch Tower
Xiao Yan"s eyes were locked on the sky of the Holy Pill City inner region. It was a long while later before he slowly withdrew his eyes. He rubbed his forehead with his hand. Xiao Yan"s head was currently feeling a little giddy due to the terrifying cry from earlier.
"It is indeed worthy of being the Pill Tower. There is such a frightening expert..." Xiao Yan softly sighed. He let out a bitter laugh. The owner of that cry earlier did not even reveal a figure yet it had shattered Xiao Yan"s soul with just mere words. This strength was likely something that only some tier 8 alchemists could achieve.
Xiao Yan gradually withdrew his mind. His gaze swept around him and he immediately became dull because the courtyard was currently filled with a kind of freshness. Tender green grass protruded from the ground dyeing the withering-yellow ground with a great amount of life.
"What"s this?"
Xiao Yan frowned. He clearly remembered this place being old and damaged where wild grass grew in clusters during the day yet why had there been such a drastic change?
"Could it be because of what happened...
Chapter 1131: Test
The young lady was really quite young. She merely looked around eighteen or nineteen. Her delicate body was small while her pretty face appeared pale. From the looks of it she seemed to be in a sickly state...
Of course the thing that attracted Xiao Yan"s eyes was not this young lady"s outer appearance. Instead it was that circular-shaped badge on her chest. He had seen this badge on the mysterious snow-white carriage when he had arrived in Holy Pill City. Hence he understood that this badge was the clan badge of the Dan clan one of the five great clans of the Pill Region.
"You... are you alright?"
The young lady supported herself to her feet with her hands. She timidly glanced at Xiao Yan and softly inquired.
Xiao Yan"s mind only shifted away from the badge of the Dan clan upon hearing the young lady"s voice. His eyes looked at the young lady in front of him with surprise. The horrific scene from earlier had caused his heart to pound at this moment. Earlier he had clearly sensed an extremely strange suction force had erupted from the interior of this young lady"s body. Under the suction force even his soul could not resist but show...
Chapter 1132: Tier 7 Middle Grade Alchemist
The atmosphere within the room had become unusually quiet because Xiao Yan"s earlier sentence. Their eyes were stunned as they looked at Xiao Yan. It was a moment later before the shock disappeared and slowly transformed into scoff...
"Hee hee Ye Zhong since when has your members of the Ye clan started playing this kind of grand tactic? This is the testing point of the Pill Tower. It is not your Ye clan"s testing area..." The gray-clothed old woman coldly laughed after being the first to recover.
The three young man and woman from the Bai clan by her side turned their mocking eyes to Xiao Yan after the old woman"s cold laugh rang out. It appeared as though they were watching a show. None of them believed that this little fellow who had never come to the Pill Tower would possess the qualification to take the test for a tier 7 middle grade alchemist badge.
Although the three people from the Qiu clan did not laugh like the Bai clan their eyes swept across Xiao Yan with some doubt. Clearly they also thought that this little fellow was bluffing.
"This place will not tolerate you joking around. Are you certain you wish to take the test...
Chapter 1133: Teaching A Lesson
Ye Zhong placed his hands behind his back in the face of the ridicule from the gray-clothed old woman as he waited for the final test result.
Another half an hour passed before the tightly shut Tian door was slowly opened with a slight creaking sound...
The attention of everyone in the room was braced when they saw that there was finally a reaction. After which their eyes instantly focused on the door.
A white-haired figure slowly stepped out after the door was opened. At this moment Han Li was knitting his eyebrows. He shook his head and softly sighed.
Joy immediately surfaced on the gray-clothed old woman"s face when she saw how Han Li acted. After which her eyes turned to the area behind Han Li. Xiao Yan"s skinny figure was slowly appearing at that spot. All the gazes within the room immediately paused on his chest when he appeared. That spot... was currently still empty...
"Tsk tsk..."
A mocking expression quickly surged on...
Chapter 1134: Alchemist Trade Fair
Everyone in the examination room looked at the gray-clothed old woman who was unable to even last for one exchange against Xiao Yan. Some cold sweat surfaced on their foreheads. Xiao Yan had attacked suddenly and he did not hold back because of the other party"s status. He could be considered ruthless.
Han Li"s face was similarly a little stunned. He only bitterly smiled and shook his head a moment later before glancing at Xiao Yan. This fellow was not as gentle as he looked when he became ruthless.
"Deacon Han I"m sorry to fight in this place..." Xiao Yan"s eyes indifferently glanced at the gray-clothed old woman who had collapsed on the ground. After which he turned his eyes to Han Li. That warm smile from earlier once again appeared on his face as he spoke apologetically.
When everyone saw this smile once again appearing on Xiao Yan"s face no one in the room dared to threaten him as a little sheep whom they could randomly mock. This was predominantly true for those three members of the Bai clan. They took a...
Chapter 1135: Blood Essence Demon Fruit
The Holy Pill City"s alchemist trade fair possessed a grand reputation within this region. This trade fair was not as chaotic and messy as other trade fairs. If one had to rank various trade fairs the trade fair Xiao Yan"s group was headed to this time around could be considered a high class one. It was far different from those small trade fairs that one had been to.
The location of this trade fair was in the outer region of Holy Pill City. However its location was not bad. It was at the intersection between the outer and inner region. It was rumored that this trade fair was supported by the Pill Tower and was the reason why it had developed into such a grand affair. It was precisely for this reason that murdering and robbing when exchanging for things within the trade fair seldom happened. After all no one could escape being chased by the Pill Tower within this Pill Region.
"Alchemist Trade Fair..."
Xiao Yan stood in front of a building that occupied a vast space as he looked at a pale-green wooden plaque. The words "Flying Dragon Dancing Phoenix" were written on it. He involuntarily wiped off some cold sweat. This trade fair was known by this name...
At the moment...
Chapter 1136: Copper Plate
The red-robed elder did not even manage to open his mouth before Xiao Yan"s figure disappeared by the stairway. Although he struggled over the price within his heart he understood that the one who could hold out longer would gain the advantage in this transaction. All of them were experienced players when it came to attempting to play hard. It was only a matter of who could simmer until the other party could not endure any longer. That person would be the true winner...
Xiao Yan was not surprised by the red-clothed old man"s silence. Hence his feet did not pause. Instead he headed to the top floor.
There were two elderly men standing at the entrance to the stairs that led to the top floor. These two people wore faces that were full of friendly smile. However the robes on their bodies indicated that they were people from the trade fair. Neither of them wore an alchemist badge on their chest. However from the vast and might Dou Qi that spread from them it was obvious that these two people were strong expert Dou Zongs.
These two old men were initially startled upon seeing Xiao Yan"s group walking...
Chapter 1137: Exchange
Xiao Yan"s eyes merely paused on the copper plate for a moment before they shifted away. Immediately his eyes swept another round over the jade platform. Along the way he even acted as though he was interested in some other medicinal ingredients. This continued for awhile before he randomly picked up the copper plate on the jade platform in a gentle manner.
A faint coolness spread the moment the copper plate entered his hand. Of course this was not because the copper plate was special. Instead it was due to it had been stuck within cold air for a long period of time.
Xiao Yan flipped this copper plate with some interest. His finger gently rubbed it. The rough feeling caused it to appear just like an ordinary copper plate. If not for the somewhat complicated drawings on it it was likely that no one would truly treat it as a treasure.
Xiao Yan was unable to understand the complicated drawings on it. Moreover due to the presence of some copper rust the drawings had become a little distorted. It was difficult to clearly see what it was.
"This is actually an item from the ancient times?"
Xiao Yan"s heart felt some disbelief...
Chapter 1138: Profound Xuan Sect
Xiao Yan"s eyes paused on the purple-colored metal fan. After which he slowly turned his head. There was a white-clothed young man with a warm smile behind the fan. However this smile contained a sinister aura no matter how one looked at it.
Three old fellows stood close behind this white-clothed young man. Xiao Yan"s eyes swept over the bodies of the three before they solidified. The two old men toward the back had a vast and mighty aura. Their strengths should have reached that of eight star Dou Zongs. On the other hand the elder who was standing at the front caused Xiao Yan"s heart to be surprised.
"Dou Zun..."
This elder appeared a little lazy. His hands were inserted into his sleeves appearing similar to that of an ordinary old fellow. However with Xiao Yan"s sharp Spiritual Perception he could sense that this person"s strength had reached the Dou Zun class!
The sudden intervention of the white-clothed young man had caused numerous surprised gazes to be thrown over from the surroundings. Surprise flashed across their eyes when they saw the three old men standing behind him. From the way the young man could bring...
Chapter 1139: Spirit Nourishment Powder
Xiao Yan"s group successfully descended from the top floor. After crossing the final flight of steps Xiao Yan finally stopped. He turned his head watched the frowning Ye Zhong and involuntarily smiled. He asked "Is Elder Ye Zhong worried about that group?"
Ye Zhong nodded his head with a bitter smile upon hearing this. He sighed "The Profound Xuan Sect is quite strong. It is unexpected that we have met them here. From the looks of the white-clothed man"s guards it is likely that he has quite a high position within the Profound Xuan Sect. With the style of the Profound Xuan Sect where they take revenge for everything it is likely that they will not simply let things be after we have offended them today."
Xiao Yan faintly smiled and replied "This is something that we have no choice over. You need not be overly concern. I will receive any tactics he forms..."
The current Xiao Yan possessed the qualification to utter these words. With his current strength he would not be afraid of anyone below the level of a Dou Zun if he completely...
Chapter 1140: Anonymous Word Formula
"What is the use of this Spirit Nourishment Powder?"
Xiao Yan"s eyes were shining as he looked at the five tiny pale-yellow specks of dust within the room. He licked his mouth and inquired.
Tian Huo zun-zhe fondled his beard. He mused for a moment before slowly replying "This Spirit Nourishment Power was quite renowned even during the ancient times. It is not only an item one must have in order to refine medicinal pills tier 8 and above but it is also able to nourish one"s soul if the dust merges with the soul gradually strengthening the spirituality of one"s soul. From there one could step into that so-called Soul State."
Joy surged into Xiao Yan"s eyes the moment he heard Tian Huo zun-zhe"s words. It seemed that these inconspicuous little things hid great ability.
"During ancient times some of the alchemists who had touched the soul state would try their best to obtain this Spirit Nourishment Powder... this thing is just like a magnet that attracts spirituality. If it merges with one"s soul it would...
Chapter 1141: Absorption
Xiao Yan"s eyes were fiery hot as he observed the room where the fluctuation had formed earlier. Shock and joy was difficult to hide on his face. He had clearly sensed the existence of the spiritual aura when he entered his training state earlier.
Spiritual aura was a kind of extremely mysterious energy. It did not possess the might of Dou Qi but it was a great nourishment to one"s soul. However spiritual aura seemed to be mixed in everything and was extremely difficult to sense. During ancient times alchemists were able to sense spiritual aura"s existence and absorb it due to them possessing some special Soul Skills. However in this era the mysterious Soul Skills had completely disappeared. There were few alchemists who knew how to sense spiritual aura and absorb it...
Xiao Yan had tried an unknown number of methods in order to sense spiritual aura. However his efforts were futile with the exception of his entries into those mysterious states which had caused him to feel quite helpless. Spiritual aura was really a great luxury to the alchemists of this era.
The joy on Xiao Yan"s face was gradually withdrawn....
Chapter 1142: Gathering of the Five Great Clans
The location of the five great clan test was in a special hall within the inner part of Holy Pill City. This was an exclusive place where all the clan tests over the generations happened. This place had been built by the Pill Tower. From this one could tell how greatly the Pill Tower valued this test of the five great clans.
This kind of test was not conducted secretly. Instead it was semi-open to outsiders. Some people with sufficient qualifications and strength would hurry over to this place before the test began. The position of the five great clans was always watched by a countless number of people because everyone knew that this was a shortcut to enter the upper echelons of the Pill Tower. As long as one climbed this large tree known as the Pill Tower one"s strength and reputation would soar overnight.
Currently the Ye clan"s position among the five great clans was precarious. If it failed to pass the test this time around it would lose its position among the five great clans. Once the Ye clan lost its position other factions who had already been eyeing their spot would come swarming in...
Chapter 1143: Start of the Test!
The black-clothed lady"s lazy eyes slowly scanned the interior of the large hall. Anyone who was caught by her eyes would feel a fiery heat and fear rise in their hearts. This lady was really filled with temptation. However behind this temptation was a greater bone-deep fear...
The name of this lady was something that almost everyone seated in this place had heard of!
The witch from the Cao clan Cao Ying. One of the future potential successors for the giant heads of the Pill Tower!
That first title might not be a resounding one but it was sufficient to get a countless number of people to view her as a goddess high above them. A giant head of the Pill Tower. This was a position that possessed a great amount of authority across the entire continent. Anyone seated here would truly experience what kind of feeling a monstrous authority was...
The Pill Tower was the holy ground in the hearts of all the alchemists on the continent. One could even unceremoniously say that the giant heads of the Pill Tower were the spiritual leaders in the hearts of a countless number of alchemists. The ability of the Pill Tower...
Chapter 1144: Soul Test
When Xiao Yan stood up from his seat four other figures slowly stood up from the seats of the four other great clans. In an instant the eyes of the people in hall gathered on the five of them.
The candidates whom the Dan and Cao clan had sent out did not exceed Ye Zhong"s expectations. They were Cao Xiu and Dan Xuan. The Bai clan was represented by the most outstanding person among the clan"s younger generation who was the man called Bai Ying. The Qui clan"s candidate was a small man. Although Xiao Yan did not know who he was it was likely that this person was not ordinary since he was capable enough to be sent out by the Qiu clan.
Elder Cheng in the arena slowly swept his eyes over the five people. After which his eyes paused on Xiao Yan. This elder had been friendly with the Ye clan in the past. However due to the decline of the Ye clan over the years the Ye clan seldom came to Holy Pill City. Hence their relationship had become a lot paler. Nevertheless Elder Cheng felt some pity for the Ye clan"s predicament. He had once helped put in some good words. This had enabled the Ye clan gain its final chance of survival today.
"The candidates representing the various clans please step into the arena..."
Xiao Yan and the rest slowly walked down in front of the eyes of the entire...
Chapter 1145: Stunning the Four Others
All gazes present gathered on Xiao Yan who was slowly walking to the stone tablet. The testing of the few people earlier might be eye-catching but the the one everyone was anticipating was still Xiao Yan...
This was because he was representing the Ye clan by taking this test. This first test would thus determine the fate of the Ye clan from now on. Whether or not they could keep stay a member of the five great clans would all be determined by this test!
Cao Dan"s eyes were viciously staring at Xiao Yan"s back. The corner of his mouth contained ridicule. If the Ye clan wished to pass this test they would need to enter the top three in every segment. Currently the first three places of this soul test were occupied by Dan Xuan Cao Xiu and Bai Ying. None of those three competitors were ordinary people. Cao Dan did not believe that Xiao Yan really possessed such an ability.
Xiao Yan"s feet paused in front of the stone tablet under the focus of all the eyes present. He raised his hand and touched the stone tablet.
The stone tablet was ice-cold. It was as though he was touching a piece of...
Chapter 1146: Spiritual Control
"The next test is called Spiritual Control..."
Elder Cheng smiled as he looked over the candidates. After which he took out a dark-black metal bead from his Storage Ring. The surface of the metal bead was extremely smooth. Moreover it did not contain the slightest luster. The complete-black color gave it a kind of heaviness.
"This is a bead that has been formed from spiritual metal. It is called Soul Testing Bead. If this thing is held by a hand it will appear extremely light. However it will appear extremely heavy to one"s soul..."
"When this Spiritual Control test begins many of these Soul Testing Beads will scatter down from the ceiling. You are required not to use any Dou Qi. Instead you will use your Spiritual Strength alone to support them. The one who takes the most Soul Testing Beads will be in the top segment of this test. The ranks will be determined based on the number of beads received."
Elder Cheng took a glance at Cao Ying when he spoke until this point. After which his eyes turned to Xiao Yan. He smiled and said "The record of this test of one"s Spiritual Control is also set by Cao Ying....
Chapter 1147: Spiritual Fight
The interior of the large hall had become much quieter because Cao Ying"s sudden request. Numerous gazes alternated between her and Xiao Yan. From the looks of it it appeared that this witch from the Cao clan had become itchy due to Xiao Yan having broken two of the records she had set.
All the people with ill thoughts for the Ye clan involuntarily began to gloat when they saw what she wanted to do. Now that things had developed to this extent they had already understood that the Ye clan had retained its position among the five great clans with Xiao Yan"s help. Even if Cao Ying were to intervene now Xiao Yan would definitely be able to claim the second spot even if he could not take the first. Hence the overall situation had already been determined.
Of course despite the overall situation having already been determined being able to see Xiao Yan suffer a little in Cao Ying"s hands was also another kind of revenge. Hence sounds of agreement appeared within the large hall after Cao Ying had opened her mouth.
Elder Cheng slightly frowned. His expression was also a little helpless. He knew that Cao Ying"s...
Chapter 1148: Secretly Learn
Xiao Yan looked at Cao Ying when she suddenly smiled. He naturally knew that the Ye clan would successfully retain its spot in the five great clans if he were to pull out now. However the other party had already made such an offer. If he were to withdraw now he would end up appearing weak. Moreover Xiao Yan was also extremely interested in Cao Ying who was called a potential successor of the great heads of the Pill Tower.
This was because he knew that Cao Ying would also participate in the Pill Gathering. At that time she would definitely be a great opponent of his. If he could exchange blows with her here he would be able to gauge her skill a little better. He would not end up being caught off guard at that time.
Of course the fight between Spiritual Strengths was naturally unable to represent the strength of one"s alchemist abilities. However being able to observe something and gain a rough estimation of the other party"s strength was helpful.
Due to the various reasons stated above Xiao Yan would naturally not choose to voluntarily withdraw. Hence he needed to receive Cao Ying"s provocation...
Xiao Yan slowly nodded after making up his mind in his heart....
Chapter 1149: Being Victorious
Xiao Yan"s hand seal was choppy and slow. He appeared like someone who had just learned it. While his hand seals were being formed the majestic Spiritual Strength that permeated around him was swiftly gathered. An invisible spiritual palmprint vaguely formed around his palm. However this palmprint being formed was a little illusionary when compared to Cao Ying"s...
Cao Ying"s eyes were shocked as she stared at the hand seal which Xiao Yan was unfamiliar with. It was as though a great storm was churning in her heart. She had never expected Xiao Yan to remember all of her hand seals in his mind within this short instant. Of course the thing that caused her to feel the greatest disbelief was that Xiao Yan had not only memorize the changing hand seals but he was also able to use them after just seeing them!
When Cao Ying had come into contact with this Soul Skill for the first time she had practiced it for a long while before she was able to gradually understand the combination method between the Spiritual Strength and the finger seals....
Chapter 1150: Unwelcomed Guest
Everyone within the hall watched as Cao Ying led the members of the Cao clan out of the hall. They faced each other and quietly sighed. No one had expected such a dark horse to suddenly appear in this five great clan test. Even Cao Ying from the Cao clan could not suppress him...
Some people did not wish to stay for long after the test ended. Hence they began to turn around and leave one after another. Some of the factions which had some relationship with the Ye clan in the past also began to greet Ye Zhong at this moment. Although the Ye clan had declined they had managed to keep their position within the five great clans. In the future they would also maintain an Elder"s Seat. Their position might not be comparable to the Cao clan but it was not something that an ordinary faction could compare with...
Ye Zhong smiled in the face of the greetings by these people. The Ye clan might have some time to breath during this period of time but they did not have the capital to be arrogant. After experiencing days of decline and desperation Ye Zhong clearly knew what words to say that would be beneficial to...
Chapter 1151: Mysterious Black Robed Person
The deep-blue-colored flame appeared extremely mysterious. The flame was like transparent sea water that slowly spread apart as it rose. Its faint ripple was just like ripples of water...
The Glazed Lotus Heart Flame within Xiao Yan"s body fluctuated the moment this deep-blue flame appeared. He was not unfamiliar with this kind of fluctuation because every time a Heavenly Flame met another Heavenly Flame both flames would form this kind of special fluctuation...
Moreover Xiao Yan was also familiar with this deep-blue flame. He had seen it on Han Feng"s body back then...
Sea Heart Flame a Heavenly Flame ranked fifteenth on the Heavenly Flame Ranking...
Xiao Yan"s eyes stared at the deep-blue flame on the black robed person"s body. A moment later his voice was a little deep as he asked "Han Feng"s Sea Heart Flame?"
Back when Han Feng had reappeared after having been rescued by the people from the Hall of Souls he had lost this Sea Heart Flame. From what he had said it had been taken away by the Hall of Souls. Now this person who had suddenly appeared in front of him was a member of the Hall of Souls. It was obvious that this Heavenly Flame was the...
Chapter 1152: Old Mu G
This sudden unexpected change also surprised Xiao Yan. His eyes swiftly looked to the night sky above his head. However it was completely empty. There was not a single person there. However the vast mighty aura spreading down caused him to feel some fear...
"It"s someone from the Pill Tower..."
Xiao Yan sighed in relief within his heart. The Extermination Fire Lotus he was merging quickly paused before he carefully scattered it. His toes pressed on the ground and he swiftly pulled back. A clear long roar was also emitted.
Swoosh swoosh!
The clear roar had just sounded when two figures rushed over to the courtyard as fast as lightning. They had appeared beside Xiao Yan in an instant. At the same time their eyes were furiously looking at the mysterious black-robed person in the air.
"Are you alright?" The Little Fairy Doctor glanced at the messy courtyard. Her grayish-purple eyes stared at the black-robed person in an icy manner while her mouth asked a question full of concern.
Xiao Yan shook his head and he replied with a deep voice "I"m alright. Be careful. This fellow is not an ordinary person..."
Tian Huo zun-zhe"s face was...
Chapter 1153: Xuan Kong Zi
When Xiao Yan walked out of his room the next day he coincidentally found Ye Zhong standing in the courtyard. Ye Zhong sighed in relief after seeing Xiao Yan exit the room. Immediately he revealed how ashamed he was. Given the matter that had happened yesterday he failed to provide proper protection.
"Mister Xiao Yan I have already dispatched people. They have worked through the night and obtained information about the location of the Profound Xuan Sect members..."
Xiao Yan was startled when he heard this. He looked at Ye Zhong"s somewhat tired face. Clearly he had worked through the night because of what happened last night. Immediately Xiao Yan smiled patted Ye Zhong"s shoulder and said "What happened last night is not your fault. Even the Little Fairy Doctor and old mister Yao failed to detect the threat..."
Ye Zhong bitterly smiled and nodded. He said "The members of the Profound Xuan Sect are in a manor on the southern side of the Holy Pill City"s outer city. They are indeed the group in conflict with us at the alchemist trade fair. That white-clothed young man is the son of the Profound Xuan Sect"s leader...
Chapter 1154: Song Qing
Xiao Yan slowly raised his head upon hearing that elderly laughter. He coincidentally watched the white-clothed old man slowly turn around. His hair was white and his face was covered with deep wrinkles. Both of his eyes appeared tiny being compressed by the wrinkles. However his deep and unfathomable eyes contained a warm smile.
"Senior really knows how to joke..."
Xiao Yan cupped his hands together and respectfully spoke.
"Ke ke I am not joking. You have reached the high grade seventh tier alchemist level at such a young age. The number of people who can achieve this across the entire continent can be counted on one"s fingers..." The white-clothed old man"s eyes swept back and forth over Xiao Yan as he warmly said "The old me is called Xuan Kong Zi. If you do not mind you can call me Old Xuan. Back then I was a close friend of your teacher Yao Chen. It is not overboard for you to address me as such."
"In that case... this young fellow shall defer to your judgement." Hearing this Xiao Yan was happy to do as he was told. He cupped his hands together and laughed.
Xuan Kong Zi smiled. He placed the scroll in his hand onto the bookshelf before turning around and heading back to his...
Chapter 1155: Spiritual Handprint
Xiao Yan did not chat with Cao Ying and the others after walking out of the large hall. He walked to a path that led to the bottom of the Pill Tower.
"Mister Xiao Yan please wait."
Xiao Yan had just stepped forward when an enchanting lovely voice sounded behind him. Hence he could only stop after taking a step away. He turned his head and looked at the alluring face of Cao Ying. He smiled and asked "Is something the matter miss Cao Ying?"
Cao Ying rolled her eyes. At that instant she appeared extremely bewitching causing one to have the impulse of not being able to shift one"s eyes away. At this moment she was covering her mouth and slightly laughing "Last time I was unable to have a deeper conversation with mister Xiao Yan. Why don"t we have a chat now that we have time?"
Xiao Yan lifted his eyebrows upon hearing Cao Ying open her mouth to issue an invitation. His eyes glanced at Song Qing by her side without leaving a trace. He saw that Song Qing gently frown.
"Forget it. There are still other things that I need to do. I will chat with...
Chapter 1156: Pill Gathering Begin!
The quiet room suddenly formed a strange invisible fluctuation the moment Xiao Yan opened his eyes...
This ripple slowly spread. Xiao Yan inhaled a deep breath of air as his hands suddenly moved. Numerous strange hand seals appeared. His hands danced and even formed afterimages. Following the changes of his hand seals an invisible Spiritual Strength began to agglomerate on his palm in a lightning-like manner. Within the blink of an eye it formed an invisible palmprint!
Xiao Yan flicked his finger the moment the palmprint was formed and it scattered. Immediately the seals formed by his hands continued to change. Soon after two even more complicated palmprints appeared...
Three different palmprints appeared one after another in Xiao Yan"s hands with great perfection. One could not find any flaws during the formation of the seals. This degree of familiarity was not weaker than what Cao Ying had displayed back then.
The three spiritual prints surfaced before they were scattered by Xiao Yan. A mouthful of turbid air was also spat out of his mouth.
A faint fluorescent...
Chapter 1157: Two Great Hurdles
The location of Pill Gathering was in the northern part of the inner region. It had already been filled by a terrifying crowd of people for a few days. Hence by the time Xiao Yan"s group had arrived they only saw a densely packed endless sea of human heads. An earth-shaking noise charged to the sky. After which it transformed into a terrifying sonic wave that spread apart. One was able to clearly hear it within a fifty kilometer radius.
Xiao Yan"s group flashed and appeared on top of some buildings. Their eyes looked around them. Only then did they discover that this place was an enormous ten-thousand-foot-large square. The air above this open ground had many stone platforms suspended in it. The stone platforms had a faint light spreading out from them. From the looks of it the platforms appeared quite mysterious. "Those stone platforms are the final seats of the competitors..." Ye Zhong pointed at the stone platforms floating in the air as he laughed. They were the focus of tens of thousands of eyes.
"The final seats?" Xiao Yan lifted his eyebrows when he heard this.
"Ke ke the Pill Gathering is an extremely grand event....
Chapter 1158: Passing the Hurdle
Swoosh swoosh swoosh!
Xuan Kong Zi on the tall stage nodded as he watched the human figures entering the Fantasy Realm like locusts in transit. Both of his hands were inserted into his sleeves as he faintly said "The Pill Gathering this time around has become a little interesting. It is unexpected that even some famous old fellows have also come..."
"The Three Thousand Burning Flame is far from what an ordinary Heavenly Flame can compare with. It is quite tempting to these people. Naturally they would want to come and join in the fun." That dark-skinned old man beside Xuan Kong Zi raised his eyebrows. His stern lightningbolt-like eyes swept over the human figures rushing into the Fantasy Realm hurdle as he commented.
"The waves behind push away those at the front. Some of the members from the younger generation are not weaker than them. Even if they participate it is likely that they will only end up with ashen faces..." The cheongsam-clad pretty woman by the side smiled as she added her thoughts.
Xuan Kong Zi grinned and nodded. He fondled his beard and said "The younger generation this time has a number of outstanding people. However the thing I am most curious about is just what extent will Xiao Yan r...
Chapter 1159: Entrance to the Pill Realm
An extremely wide area was located in front of the spatial tunnel. The space around it was extremely distorted. Clearly this was a spatial resting point that the experts from the Pill Tower had forcefully created. This kind of skill and grandness was quite outstanding. Even a faction like the Ice River Valley would be unable to show such ability or boldness.
At this moment there were quite a number of seated human figures in this empty ground. All of them possessed a strong aura. Clearly they were all the competitors who had passed the Fantasy Realm hurdle earlier.
These human figures were scattered around looking at each other with cautious gazes. Only a minority were gathered together in twos or threes. However the eyes they used to look at the others were also filled with caution. There were no friends in such a place. Only competitors were around.
Xiao Yan"s sudden appearance naturally stirred the attention of everyone in the empty ground. Numerous gazes that contained various emotions were shot at him.
Xiao Yan"s expression did not change...
Chapter 1160: Thousand-Year-Old Ground Rehmannia Glutinosa
In desolate plains the land was a yellowish color. Occasionally there were some green decorations around emitting a little life force.
There would sometimes be some small Magical Beasts rushing around the plains. They produced a wisp of yellow smoke before disappearing into the distance.
The desolate plains" silence continued for a period of time before the empty space suddenly shook. Immediately a figure rushed out of the space...
The figure which had just rushed out from the space was naturally Xiao Yan who had entered the spatial tunnel. Xiao Yan"s eyes were slightly startled when the desolate scene in front of him appeared within his eyes. A thought passed through his mind and his body remained suspended in the sky. He did not recklessly land on the ground.
"This is the Pill Realm huh..."
Xiao Yan raised his eyes and looked around him. This place was exceptionally full of energy. However there seemed to be a violent seed within this energy. Could it be that this was due to the Pill Realm being damaged? Xiao Yan"s hand grabbed at the empty space in front of him as he pondered...
Chapter 1161: Core Soul Marrow
Xiao Yan had once coincidentally read that the Ground Rehmannia Glutinosa was formed by gathering the heavy and calm essence of the land from a medicinal ingredient book that Yao Lao had left behind. However there were limitations to its growth. Any Ground Rehmannia Glutinosa would not continue to grow in size after a century due to the lack of energy. This was also the reason why Ground Rehmannia Glutinosa over a hundred years old were so rare.
Based on what was recorded in the ancient book if a Ground Rehmannia Glutinosa was able to grow far beyond a century old it meant that the thing nourishing its growth was definitely not the strength of the land. Instead it was some other natural spiritual object!
Xiao Yan understood his heart after having laid eyes on this Thousand Year Old Ground Rehmannia Glutinosa. There was definitely something else underground. Moreover it was this thing that had nourished the Ground Rehmannia Glutinosa.
"Hee hee it is indeed worthy of being the Pill Realm..."
Xiao Yan could not resist laughing. His hand was suddenly...
Chapter 1162: Yellow-Clothed Old Man
The silver glow cut through the sky as though it was a bolt of lightning tearing through the world. It rushed toward that old man called Huang Yi at a shocking speed. The air itself shook along the way because of how fast it was going. Soon a low deep sonic boom erupted. Numerous pits were created with a blast on the ground...
The originally smiling face of the old man Huang Yi had become ugly the moment the Earth Demon Puppet appeared. He could sense an extreme danger from the body of the Earth Demon Puppet.
"This fellow carries such a powerful puppet with him?"
The expression of Huang Yi drastically changed but he was also an extremely experienced old man. His feet hurriedly stepped through empty air as he watched the Earth Demon Puppet which was pouncing over with killing intent. With the movement of his feet he ended up shooting backwards with a continuous number of afterimages.
Huang Yi"s reaction was quite quick. However the speed of the Earth Demon Puppet was a level higher. One could see its feet stomp against the ground causing...
Chapter 1163: Ten Thousand Medicinal Mountain Range
Xiao Yan"s first target was the Ten Thousand Medicinal Mountain Range. This mountain range was one of the three red circled areas. Although he did not know if the thing he needed was here he would need to make a trip to it no matter what.
The size of the Pill Realm was less than one-third the size of the Pill Region perhaps because of its gradual decay. However one should not underestimate this one-third. With the natural treasures in this realm it was likely that there was not a single faction on the continent not interested in it. This space was equivalent to owning an endless precious medicinal ingredient warehouse. From this one could tell how wealthy the Pill Tower was...
With Xiao Yan"s speed he would at the very most need one day and one night to traverse this Pill Realm. Therefore Xiao Yan gradually arrived near the Ten Thousand Medicinal Mountain Range that had been circled on the map.
Xiao Yan had passed quite a number of other competitors along the way. Most of them moved further away upon seeing him. Clearly they were afraid that he would suddenly attack. This kind of thing...
Chapter 1164: Meeting Again
The one who could cause Xiao Yan to reveal such an expression was naturally the young sect leader of the Profound Xuan Sect Chen Xian. Xiao Yan and him had not appeared in the same place but it was unexpected that they would meet outside this Ten thousand Medicinal Mountain Range.
There were two elders behind Chen Xian. Xiao Yan was not unfamiliar with these two people. They were the guards of Chen Xian that Xiao Yan had met at the alchemist trade fair.
"These two old fellows are also alchemists. No wonder Chen Xian was not afraid. He already had some helpers in the Pill Realm..." Xiao Yan knit his brows as he studied the two old men. The strength of those two was much greater than Huang Yi. It was likely that they were nine star Dou Zongs. They were going to be somewhat troublesome to deal with.
By using them it was possible to see Chen Xian"s position in the Profound Xuan Sect. He even had two nine star Dou Zongs guarding him after entering the Pill Realm. Clearly the Profound Xuan Sect valued him. Part of the reason for this might perhaps be because he was the junior sect leader. However if he were useless it was...
Chapter 1165: Attack
This unexpected change left everyone on the hill stunned. They watched Chen Xian be forced back and vomit blood in the blink of an eye. After which they looked at the figure that was slowly appearing. In an instant a chill surged within the hearts of quite a number of people. They quietly withdrew further away.
No one had expected Xiao Yan to not run as quickly as possible in the face of this powerful lineup of Chen Xian. He had instead dared to put up a feint dodge the two elders and attack Chen Xian. Everyone had clearly witnessed the situation earlier. If Chen Xian"s reaction had been a little slower it was likely that he would have been killed by Xiao Yan.
Some surprise surged onto the face of Song Qing a short distance away. His understanding of Xiao Yan was limited to some rumors. Moreover the thing that he had heard most about was the five great clan test in Holy Pill City. Although Xiao Yan"s performance during the test was quite good it was not enough to make him feel any shock. Moreover Xiao Yan"s strength was merely around that of a four star Dou Zong. Chen Xian"s...
Chapter 1166: To Kill
The expression on Chen Xian"s face drastically changed upon hearing Xiao Yan"s dense words filled with killing intent. He did not hesitate even a little as the Dou Qi within his body erupted in all directions at this moment. After which all of it agglomerated on his right palm.
The rich fiery-red Dou Qi gathered on Chen Xian"s right hand causing his entire arm look like a burning-red charcoal. A frightening fire-red Dou Qi was swiftly gathered on his palm appearing just like an unusually sharp fire blade!
"Mysterious Fire Blade!"
A ferociousness had also surged up Chen Xian"s face at this moment. His hand trembled and it formed into the shape of a blade. After which it was ruthlessly hacked at Xiao Yan"s head!
With the wave of his hand the fire knife formed by hot fire-red Dou Qi also moved. At the same time a searing hot sharp wind tore a dark-black crack in space itself.
No matter what the case was Chen Xian was also an expert with a strength that was similar to Xiao Yan. This attack had been unleashed during his all out retaliation was quite powerful.
The cold expression on Xiao Yan"s...
Chapter 1167: Departure
Xiao Yan did not have the time to check if the hidden force had caused Chen Xian. The heavy ruler in his hand reflexively swung backwards in a violent manner. It immediately collided with the vast mighty palm wind of the old man Bai who was furiously pouncing over.
"Bang!"
The heavy ruler collided with the palm wind and a muffled sound immediately appeared. The fierce wind swept apart like a storm. Xiao Yan"s toes pressed against empty air as his body swiftly withdrew. At the same time his feet took a couple of continuous steps through the air. Each time his foot landed space itself would tremble. This continued for a couple of steps before Xiao Yan forcefully stabilized his body. This furious attack by the old man with the surname Bai was powerful. If this attack had landed on Xiao Yan"s defenseless back it probably would have gave him a serious injury.
Xiao Yan"s feet stepped on empty air before he stabilized his body. His eyes was clearly a little gloomy as they landed on Song Qing because the person who had suddenly stopped Xiao Yan from killing Chen Xian was him.
Song...
Chapter 1168: Pill Spirit Serum
Xiao Yan left the hill where Cao Ying"s group was situated and flew toward the vast and endless Ten Thousand Medicinal Mountain Range. After which he moved back and forth over the sky for a moment before finally rushing toward the interior of the vast mountain range.
After rushing into the mountain range the first thing that Xiao Yan sensed was the dense energy within this mountain range. No wonder it was called Ten Thousand Medicinal Mountain Range. With the natural energy of this place it was not abnormal for it to grow many natural treasures that were difficult to find in the outside world.
The continuous roars of Magical Beasts could be heard across this mountain range. Perhaps it was because humans kept barging in recently but the roars seemed to have contain additional violent killing intent. After being infected by the wild violent seed within this place these Magical Beasts were far fiercer than those in the outside world.
Xiao Yan landed on a mountain top that appeared like a dagger. He knit his eyebrows as he swept his eyes all over the place. By relying on his exceptional Spiritual Perception he could sense...
Chapter 1169: Doping
Xiao Yan"s eyes swept around after he had identified the Magical Beast hiding in the deep pool. After which he quietly withdrew a couple of hundred meters. Next he found a spot where the wind was blowing in the direction of the deep pool. He took out a fruit tree from his Storage Ring. This fruit tree was icy-blue in color. It was only around half a foot in size and at its tip sat a fist-sized blue-colored fruit. The surrounding air became much more moist when this fruit appeared. Surging water affinity energy rushed out like water in a flood.
This fruit tree was called the Water Drunken Cloud Immortal Tree. The fruit on top of it was called the Water Cloud Fruit. There was an extremely dense water affinity energy within it. This fruit held a potent attraction to some water affinity Magical Beasts. Moreover the energy within it was vast mighty causing the fruit to possess a special drunken liquid within it. The effect of this drunken liquid was fantastic. Even a tier 7 Magical Beast would become drunk and fall asleep after having swallowed it.
Xiao Yan needed the drunken liquid within this Water Cloud Fruit.
"Ugh in order...
Chapter 1170: Massacre
Due to him being afraid that the Mysterious Water Tiger Snake would give chase Xiao Yan had rushed away wildly after having hid his aura. Only then did he gradually slowed down. He looked all around him. Currently he was near the middle of the mountain. The area higher above was covered in a dense fog of energy. Moreover Xiao Yan was also able to sense some extremely powerful auras within these dense fog. It would be extremely troublesome if these auras were to pester him.
"Now all I can do is quietly climb to the top of the mountain and try to see if I am able to steal the task items that I need. With my strength alone it might be a little difficult to forcefully snatch them..." Xiao Yan stood on a giant tree. He overlooked a partially visible mountain top as he mused to himself.
Xiao Yan ceased hesitating after having made up his mind. He was just about to move when a thought suddenly passed through his mind. His eyes suddenly slid to the bottom of the mountain. An extremely intense energy ripple suddenly erupted from that spot. This kind of ripple was not that of an ordinary energy...
Chapter 1171: Join Hands
The human figure that had suddenly been pulled forcefully from the forest caused Cao Ying"s group to be shocked. However they finally sighed in relief after seeing his face. The eyes of Song Qing revealed a gloating expression that was difficult to detect...
"Ke ke Xiao Yan... tsk tsk I had yet to go look for you but instead you have delivered yourself to me..."
That black-clothed man was startled when he saw that the hidden figure was Xiao Yan. His face was immediately lifted into a strange smile as he laughed.
Xiao Yan"s eyes were staring intently at the foreign black-clothed man. From the other party"s tone it appeared that the man was acquainted with him. However Xiao Yan was unable to recall ever meeting this person. He had not met many Dou Zun class experts but all of them had left behind an extremely deep impression. Only this person in front of him caused him to feel a sense of unfamiliarity.
"Expert may I know who are you? Xiao Yan does not seem to be acquainted with you..." Xiao Yan spoke in a deep voice as he cupped his hands to the black-clothed man.
"If we are not acquainted then so be it..." The black-clothed man smiled. After which...
Chapter 1172: Fleeing For One"s Life
Xiao Yan"s reaction was swift and the reactions of the others were also quite quick. Just when Xiao Yan had turned around and left Song Qing and the rest had also immediately escaped the battleground. After which they used all their strength to rush explosively to the forest!
"Swoosh!"
Cao Ying was at the front of everyone fleeing. Moreover she was the first to escape the moment the spatial barrier broke. However a couple of breaths" time after she had cried out a figure flashed over from behind her. Within the blink of an eye that figure had overtaken her. Her pretty eyes swept over to see who it was. Who else could this figure be other than Xiao Yan?
Those who were fleeing were not fools. They did not flee in the same direction. Instead their eyes glanced at each other before they began rushing in all directions. Within a couple of flashes they had fled into the vast forest.
"Chase do not let anyone of them off!"
The black-clothed man was shocked since the spatial barrier had been broken quickly by Cao Ying. He hurriedly recovered and cried out in a dense voice.
"Understood!"
The dozen plus black-clothed man hurriedly acknowledged after hearing the order of the black-clothed man. After which they began to scatter in an orderly manner giving chase to the fleeing individuals as they did so.
"I want to see just how long you can struggle!"
The black-clothed man"s cold eyes shot in the direction Xiao Yan and Cao Ying had disappeared. He immediately let out a cold laugh as his body shook. The surrounding space...
Chapter 1173: Zi Yan Xiong Zhan
Old Mu Gu"s expression slightly changed when he heard the clear and loud voice that resounded over the forest. His eyes swept around before suddenly shooting to the tree branch of a large tree only to see a purple-clothed little girl there. Both of her legs were gently swinging.
Even with Old Mu Gu"s calmness he was involuntarily startled when he saw this little girl. His eyes were covered with shock. Those who could enter the Pill Realm were all alchemists that participated in the Pill Gathering. However this little girl in front was clearly not one of them. Just how did she enter this place?
The purple-clothed little girl ignored the surprised gaze of Old Mu Gu. Her small hand pressed against the tree branch and her lovely small body leaped down from high above. After which it gently landed in front of Xiao Yan. She involuntarily laughed when she saw Xiao Yan"s stunned expression before giving him a strange face. Her lovely and pretty actions were really likeable.
"Zi Yan... why are you here?"
The shock within Xiao Yan"s eyes lasted for a good amount of time before gradually disappearing. He grabbed this...
Chapter 1174: Frightening Away
"Bang!"
An earth-shaking sound suddenly reverberated over the entire mountain like a thunderous roar from the sky. A terrifying energy storm formed at this moment. After which it swept in all directions. The entire mountain trembled under this ferocious energy storm. Numerous ten-foot-wide fissures swiftly spread. After which they stretched to the edge of one"s sight...
This sudden energy storm that had erupted attracted the attention of the many high rank Magical Beasts on the mountain top. However all of them were greatly shocked when they sensed just how frightening this energy storm was. After which their footsteps hurriedly rushed away from the mountain. A battle of this level was not something they could get involved in.
The spreading energy ripple easily flattened nearly half of the forest on this mountain. A thousand-foot-wide pit gradually appeared within Xiao Yan"s sight.
"Hiss..."
Even with Xiao Yan"s calm demeanor he involuntarily inhaled a breath of cool air as he stared at the bottomless pit that was nearly a thousand feet in size. Such terrifying...
Chapter 1175: Medicinal Ingredient Square
Xiao Yan slowly exhaled when he saw Old Mu Gu disappear in the distorted space. He had finally shaken off this old demon. However from the looks of it this Old Mu Gu did not appear to be giving up. A true life and death battle would definitely erupt when they met in the future.
Xiong Zhan who was just like a giant tower on the ground also coldly snorted upon seeing Old Mu Gu leave. After which his enormous body began to swiftly shrink. Within a short couple of breaths he had turned back into the big strong man Xiao Yan had seen earlier.
Upon seeing Xiong Zhan turn back into his human form Xiao Yan hugged Zi Yan closer and rushed down from the sky. He placed her down before cupping his hand to Xiong Zhan and said "Thank you for your help big brother Xiong Zhan."
"Hey big fellow. He is someone extremely close to me. Calling you "big brother" means he thinks very highly of you. Moreover he is a tier 8 alchemist. Should he randomly refine a medicinal pill and hand it to you as a gift you will have gained a great reward." Zi Yan by the side revealed her two small canine teeth as she spoke...
Chapter 1176: Mediating the Core Soul Marrow
This green-colored rock appeared like an ordinary rock when looking at it from a distance. However if one approached it one would be able to discover that the stone was covered in some strange lines. Moreover the surface of the stone was slightly transparent. If one were to place it in an area of strong sunlight one would vaguely be able to see a viscous liquid flowing inside...
Xiao Yan"s eyes paused on the green-colored rock for a moment. He finally let out a gentle breath of air. After which he slowly suppressed the joy within his heart. He bent down and carefully picked up this palm-sized green-colored rock with his hand.
A warm-cool feeling was transmitted to his hand when it came in contact with this green-colored rock. He gently shook it and the faint feeling of shaking water was emitted.
"Heavenly Numb Jade Essence..."
Xiao Yan focused his mind and observed this green-colored rock for awhile. Only then did he finally become certain that this thing was the final thing he needed!
"This is indeed worthy of being the Ten Thousand Medicinal Mountain Range..." Xiao...
Chapter 1177: Advancing to the Eighth Tier!
Xiao Yan also felt surprised in his heart when he sensed this unexpected change. However he did not dare to be overly reckless at this moment. He could only forcefully stabilize his mind as he focused on the changes within his body...
That tamed Core Soul Marrow had transformed into a hot flow that scattered apart after entering Xiao Yan"s body. It was swiftly vaporized and wave after wave of a deep-green smoke began to swiftly surged upwards. The smoke slipped through his body and reached the point between his eyebrows. Finally it mixed with the Spiritual Strength lingering there.
Following the mixture of the smoke and his Spiritual Strength Xiao Yan swiftly sensed a powerful and terrifying energy swiftly merge with his soul. At the same time the strength of his soul began to appear as though it had consumed a great tonic as it suddenly strengthened at a rate that caused Xiao Yan to feel shocked!
With the swift strengthening of his Spiritual Strength the swelling pain between Xiao Yan"s eyebrows became even more intense. He did not expect...
Chapter 1178: Hurrying to the Exit
An invisible light remained suspended in the distant sky. A vast and mighty Spiritual Strength was just like floodwaters as it swiftly swept out in all directions. At this moment other than a couple of extremely powerful high rank Magical Beasts that remained in the mountain range the other Magical Beasts sensed an extremely powerful Spiritual Pressure. Their bodies involuntarily trembled under this intense Spiritual Pressure...
"This Xiao Yan is really strong. He has really broken through to the eighth tier. How unbelievable..."
Xiong Zhan looked at the invisible light in the sky. The vast mighty Spiritual Strength there caused even him to feel a little afraid. His great strength revealed itself through his physical body. However if one were to compare their souls it was likely that two Xiong Zhan would not be able to match one Xiao Yan.
The river-like Spiritual Strength continued to spread for a couple of minutes before gradually disappearing. At the same time that invisible light slowly appeared in front of Xiong Zhan"s eyes.
The light scattered and a human...
Chapter 1179: Leaving the Pill Realm
The exit of the Pill Realm was located in the northern region. There was some distance between it and the Ten Thousand Medicinal Mountain Range. Fortunately this Mysterious Bird Beast that Xiong Zhan had found was extremely fast. Based on its speed they should be able to reach the exit within a day.
Xiao Yan"s group also saw quite a number of competitors hurrying toward the exit along the way. These people were envious of Xiao Yan"s group who were riding on this large bird. With this transportation it was possible to save an endless amount of trouble. Unfortunately the Magical Beasts within this Pill Realm were all exceptionally violent. Taming them was easier said than done...
According to the rules if one failed to reach the exit before the Pill Realm was closed one would lose the qualification to continue participating in the competition. They only had to wait two more days before the experts from the Pill Tower entered the Pill Realm and brought all those who had remained within back. Hence in order to get to the exit during this remaining period of time quite a number of competitors...
Chapter 1180: Main Event
This place was a stadium that was so large that it caused one to feel astounded. A densely packed sea of people covered the ground as far as one could see. An earth-shaking boiling noise resounded across the sky like the roar of a large dragon. Under this terrifying sonic wave even the cloud layer in the sky had been destroyed until only pieces were left...
Many stone platforms floated in the air above the square. These stone platforms were the most dazzling because the final face-off of this Pill Gathering would occur on them.
After the somewhat low spirits of the last few days the liveness of the square had undoubtedly reached a peak because today was the day the the Pill Realm was opening. Only those alchemists who had successfully walked out of the Pill Realm would possess the qualification to continue participating in the Pill Gathering!
The atmosphere of the open ground was fiery hot. A countless number of gazes were focused on the middle of the square. There was an enormous door that was constructed using black rocks at...
Chapter 1181: Blood Demon Flame
Xuan Kong Zi involuntarily smiled as he looked over boiling the square. The atmosphere was something that only existed during the Pill Gathering even when compared to other events across the entire continent.
"All competitors please take your places. The final competition is not limited by any rules. All of you will have to use your full effort to refine the medicinal pill that you are best at refining!"
The blood of the many competitors in the arena gradually boiled when they heard the elderly voice of Xuan Kong Zi resounding over the sky. Everyone looked at each other before a loud "bang" sounded. One could see numerous figures suddenly rushing to the arena. Figures rushed in all directions at that moment. Even the scattering sunlight was slightly blocked by them.
There were many stone platforms in the sky. It was not a problem for them to hold all of the remaining competitors. Even though the competitors had already undergone two rounds of elimination where nearly ninety percent had been eliminated the remaining number was still quite large. Over a thousand people lifting their cauldrons together....
Chapter 1182: Start of the Pill Refinement
"Clamor!"
The entire square once again emitted wave after wave of uproars as they looked at the sudden scene that appeared in the sky. Numerous shocked eyes slid to the jade-green fire dragon surging out of Xiao Yan"s body. This fire was unafraid of even the other party"s Heavenly Flame. Clearly this jade-green flame should also be a kind of Heavenly Flame. Moreover its position on the Heavenly Flame Ranking was likely even higher than the deep-blue flame of Old Mu Gu.
The roaring jade-green flame was clearly targeting Old Mu Gu. Hence the other alchemists did not feel too much of a disruption. However they still sensed the flame within their medicinal cauldron become much more violent when the roar sounded. Their expressions immediately changed. They were quite helpless in the face of the Heavenly Flames which were the strongest of all flames...
Xuan Kong Zi and the others on the tall stage revealed shocked expressions in their eyes when they saw the jade-green fire dragon that Xiao Yan had summoned. Their eyebrows were knit together a moment later as they talked somewhat uncertainly...
Chapter 1183: Pill Lightning Repeatedly Appearing
Pill Refinement was an extremely time consuming task. It was not rare for one to refine a medicinal pill for ten days to half a month...
The people seated here were clearly aware of this kind of situation. Therefore they did not appear impatient because of the long wait. Most of those who could hurry to Holy Pill City to observe were those who had some strength. They also naturally possessed this kind of necessary patience.
Time quietly flowed by amid the countless number of anticipatory gazes. Five days quietly passed within the short blink of an eye.
The refinement in the sky had appeared quite calm during these five days. However there would occasionally be some low deep voices being emitted. These were the cauldron explosion sounds that were emitted when a problem appeared during the refinement.
There was also a small portion of alchemists who had successfully refined their medicinal pills during these five days. However when their medicinal pills were refined they understood that...
Chapter 1184: Experts Appearing One after Another
Rolling thunder continued to reverberate over this vast azure sky. The thick clouds gave one an extremely pressurizing feeling.
"Bang!"
A silver-colored giant-python-like bolt of lightning suddenly tore through the sky from the thick dark cloud. It explosively rushed down before being forcefully received by a human figure on a stone platform. Immediately a substance-like pill fragrance spread apart...
"Ha ha I have succeeded!"
That man whose hair was a little white laughed wildly at the sky in front of everyone"s eyes. His hand held a dragon-eye-sized medicinal pill that was emitting an alluring luster.
None of those present reprimanded this man who had lost himself and laughed out loud. Instead there was an additional heat in their eyes as they looked at him. An alchemist grandmaster who could refine a tier 7 middle grade medicinal pill would definitely receive VIP treatment no matter where he went.
Currently the Pill Gathering had entered its last stages. At this moment there were only two types of people still continuing to refine medicinal pills. The first type were those...
Chapter 1185: Tier 8 Medicinal Pill
Xiao Yan randomly glance at this provoking gaze that had been shot over from a distance. After which he withdrew his eyes. This fellow had hid himself quite well. However he was really a little too excited today. A tier 7 peak grade medicinal pill?
The corner of Xiao Yan"s mouth involuntarily revealed a cold smile when he thought of this. With this result it might not be difficult for him to enter the top ten. However that was it. This Song Qing still did not possess the qualification to truly snatch the champion"s spot!
Xiao Yan"s eyes once again focused on the interior of his medicinal cauldron as this thought flashed across his heart. A round medicinal pill was slowly rotating within the rising jade-green flame. The medicinal pill was dark-red in color appearing just like it had been agglomerated from fresh blood essence. Moreover there was some vague lights flashing over it causing it to appear just like an eye and giving one an extremely unusual feeling.
"Soon..."
A fiery heat quietly surfaced within Xiao Yan"s heart as he looked at the medicinal pill that was slowly rotating within the flame.
Numerous dark clouds were present in the sky. Occasionally a large silver snake tore across the sky with a crashing...
Chapter 1186: Three-Colored Pill Lightning
Xiao Yan slowly got up in front of a countless number of gazes. Lightningbolts rumbled in the sky. Occasionally the lightning that rushed through the sky would carry a powerful light that lit up that young face which appeared exceptionally calm.
Cao Ying Dan Zhen and the rest shifted their eyes from the thunderclouds in the sky when they saw Xiao Yan stand up. All of their eyes were shot onto him.
Cao Ying"s eyes were somewhat complicated as she looked at Xiao Yan"s skinny figure. She clearly understood in her heart that Xiao Yan"s pill refinement talent was not inferior to hers. This was the first time her arrogant self had given such an evaluation to a man of similar age. This was enough to tell just how highly she regarded Xiao Yan.
The pale-faced Dan Chen also placed her eyes on Xiao Yan. She had some contact with Xiao Yan but she had not expected him to reach this point.
"Hmph..."
Old Mu Gu glanced at Xiao Yan. The corner of his mouth was lifted into a cold smile and his nose also emitted a cold snort. He did not place much regard to Xiao Yan.
"It is said that...
Chapter 1187: Staking it All
The owl-like laughter reverberated over the sky. Lightning flashed by and a glaring light landed on Old Mu Gu"s face causing him to appear exceptionally strange.
The large light pillar shot to the sky in front of numerous eyes. The vast mighty strength within the light pillar caused the expressions of those present to change in shock. Looking at the energy ripple from the light it was likely that those who had appeared earlier had yet to reach this level!
Just what great being was this mysterious black-clothed person?
Countless numbers of people felt some surprise in their hearts at this moment. Those who possessed such an ability would definitely not be unknown.
Of course an ordinary person might not be able to recognize him but the expressions of Xuan Kong Zi and the rest on the tall stage slowly became gloomy at this moment. The light pillar rushed up. That aura which Old Mu Gu had been hiding completely erupted at this moment.
"Old Mu Gu..."
The smile on Xuan Kong Zi"s face was slowly withdrawn. His eyes revealed an icy chill as he stared at the black-clothed figure while speaking his...
Chapter 1188: Spiritual Enhancement
The entire stadium was in an uproar when everyone saw Xiao Yan suddenly insert his hands into the light pillar in front of him. Numerous surprised gazes shot onto his body. From the looks of him it seemed that he was unwilling to give up so easily.
However the medicinal pill had already been formed. Did Xiao Yan still have some method to turn the situation around? There was no time left was for him to refine a medicinal pill of a higher tier.
Xuan Kong Zi and the rest on the tall stage were slightly startled upon seeing his movements. Clearly they felt some surprise at what Xiao Yan did. They could not figure what Xiao Yan could do at this moment.
"This person is not reckless. He might really have a method..."
The pretty woman"s eyes gathered on the skinny figure on the distant stone platform. She spoke with some hesitation.
"This... hopefully."
Xuan Kong Zi and the dark-skinned elder also hesitated before speaking. They naturally wished for a miracle to appear if it could. However right now they were really unable to think of where the miracle would come from.
Cao Ying in the distance stared at Xiao Yan with unblinking pretty eyes. For some unknown reason she had felt an unknown...
Chapter 1189: Five-colored Pill Lightning!
"The thundercloud in the sky has begun to change!"
A cry of disbelief suddenly resounded over the sky. Immediately countless numbers of gazes firmly focused on the thundercloud above Xiao Yan"s head. People gasped as the original Pill Lightning began to change with the churning of the thundercloud...
The expressions of a countless number of people were just stunned as they looked at this strange scene. Xiao Yan had actually done it...
"Good fellow very incredible!"
Some people finally recovered in front of the stunned gazes of the countless number of people. They immediately cried out in an excited manner. Today Xiao Yan had allowed them to witness a miracle!
"Hu..."
Cao Ying"s heart had risen to her throat earlier but it finally fell as she stood on a distant stone platform Her hand patted her full chest which was rising and falling. A beautiful and bewitching smile quietly appeared on her face.
"He has really succeeded..."
Even Xuan Kong Zi and the other important people on the tall stage were somewhat absent-minded...
Chapter 1190: Receiving the Pill Lightning
A mouthful of fresh blood was spat out of Old Mu Gu"s mouth. His feet only stabilized after taking two steps back. Both of his eyes were vicious as he looked at Xiao Yan appearing exceptionally terrifying.
With the status of Old Mu Gu he was a renowned existence even within the Central Plains region. However at this moment he had been impaired by the hands of Xiao Yan a member of the younger generation. How could he easily swallow the anger in his heart.
However regardless of how furious he needed to suppress his killing intent. He understood that his appearance had already caused Xuan Kong Zi and the rest to view him as a thorn in their sides. Xuan Kong Zi had not acted because he had not found an excuse to. However if Old Mu Gu were to do anything that deviated from the norm Xuan Kong Zi would use a bombshell tactic to kill him this scourge
Hence Old Mu Gu could only crush his teeth and swallow his anger at this moment.
"Xiao Yan do not be happy just yet. The Pill Gathering is not completely over. With your strength it is just a fantasy if you wish to receive this five-colored...
Chapter 1191: Evolution! Sky Demon Puppet!
"Bang! Bang!"
Bright thunderbolts danced ferociously in the sky like large roaring dragons. Immediately a bright lightning glow rushed down from all directions. Finally they came together to strike the body of the Earth Demon Puppet.
The thunderbolt violently landed on the body of the Earth Demon Puppet. A bright-silver bolt blasted apart. Immediately it transformed into countless numbers of tiny electric serpent flowed along the skin of the Earth Demon Puppet before entering its body.
Bright strength surged into the body of the Earth Demon Puppet swiftly strengthening its bones and shriveled skin.
Looking from a distance the Earth Demon Puppet appeared just like a thunder god suspended in the sky. Lightning glows flickered in a hundred-foot-radius of it. That terrifying momentum caused people to involuntarily feel the skin on their heads turn numb.
Xiao Yan stood with his hands behind him on the stone stage. The Earth Demon Puppet forcefully received all of the five-colored...
Chapter 1192: The Closure of the Pill Gathering
Xuan Kong Zi on the tall stage smiled at the entire stadium. Immediately he took a step forward. His eyes slowly swept over the sky before pausing on a skinny figure.
"The old me shall not say any unnecessary words at this moment. The Pill Lightning has scattered. All the competitors please take out the medicinal pills that you have refined.
The ten plus people still remaining on the stone platform hesitated for a moment upon hearing Xuan Kong Zi"s voice. Numerous round and shiny medicinal pills slowly flew from their hands. They floated in front of them.
The medicinal fragrances lingering in the plaza had become much denser when these medicinal pills appeared.
Innumerable gazes looked over. Nine night-pearl existences were present amid the floating medicinal pills. Although they were of good quality and were sought after tier 7 high grade medicinal pills they were not eye-catching. This was because above these nine tier 7 medicinal pills were five medicinal pills with faint spiritual fogs encircling them.
Although the outer appearance of a tier 7 pill and a tier 8 pill were similar...
Chapter 1193: Xuan Yi Tian Lei Zi
After a month of an seething atmosphere the vast and endless sea of people around the stadium gradually scattered along with the end of the Pill Gathering. Even though the people scattered an excited atmosphere still hung around the city. The intensity of this Pill Gathering had far exceeded everyone"s expectations. That act of turning the tide caused one"s blood to boil with heat by just thinking about it.
Night quietly encompassed this unusually lively city amid this noisiness. The well-lit city stood sentinel to the endless flow of people in the streets. The topic on everyone"s mouth was related to the Pill Gathering. Most of the conversations were naturally about the young man called Xiao Yan the champion of this Pill Gathering and the one who had created a miracle.
This name which appeared unfamiliar in the past had been imprinted in the minds of everyone. Moreover all of them also understood that this name would echo over the entire Central Plains very soon.
At that time he would become the most dazzling young man across the entire Central Plains region.
.....
While the entire city maintained its lively state the many competitors...
Chapter 1194: Two Opposing Women
After discussing some matters regarding the opening of the star region with everyone gathered Xiao Yan"s group left the large hall.
Xiao Yan did not remain for long after having left the large hall. He turned around and walked toward a path. However his feet had just stepped forward when a graceful figure appeared in front of him accompanied by a fragrance. Xiao Yan was startled before he immediately laughed "Why? Does Miss Cao Ying have some matters?"
"Nothing. I am incidentally using the same path. Let"s leave together." Cao Ying sweetly smiled. Her exquisite face revealed an alluring enchantment. This woman was just like a fox demon that could bring calamity to a country and its people. Her smiles and frowns were enough to cause a man to go crazy over her.
Xiao Yan was stunned when he heard her invitation. Since when did this witch treat him so well? In the past she earnestly wished for him to come into conflict with others while she stood by the side and watched the show.
While Xiao Yan was pondering what was happening in his heart the expression of Song Qing slightly worsened. Cao Ying"s change...
Chapter 1195: Dragon Seal
Xiao Yan had made many guesses about Zi Yan"s actual body during these years and he had gradually become aware of what she was. A Magical Beast that viewed Heavenly Demon Phoenix as food. What other beast could it be other than the mysterious Ancient Void Dragons of the Magical Beast world?
Moreover the Ancient Void Dragons specialized in penetrating space itself. The supernatural powers that Zi Yan would occasionally display were related to space. From the way she had suddenly entered the Pill Realm and randomly left it it was possible to vaguely tell the identity of this girl. She should be an Ancient Void Dragon.
Xiao Yan had only heard a little about the mysterious existence called Ancient Void Dragon. However he had never personally seen one. Hence he was not quite sure what their actual form looked like. However Zi Yan was currently hinting that the shape of the Three Thousand Burning Flame was that of a dragon. Could it be... the Three Thousand Burning Flame was related to the Ancient Void Dragon?
Zi Yan randomly scattered the purple dragon in her hand when she saw Xiao Yan"s expression of contemplation. She said...
Chapter 1196: Star Realm Three Thousand Burning Flame!
Xuan Kong Zi"s words had just sounded when a white-robed figure slowly appeared in front of everyone"s eyes. His gaze swept over Xiao Yan"s group before pausing on Old Mu Gu. After which he faintly said "The old me is the First Elder of the Pill Tower Qiu Ling. I will be leading all of you into the Star Region this time around. Remember all you need to do is follow me after entering. The old me has the right to revoke the right of anyone who does not follow the rules."
Xiao Yan and the others slightly nodded upon hearing his words. He clearly understood in his heart that First Elder Qiu Ling was leading them because Xuan Kong Zi"s group was worried about Old Mu Gu.
The corner of Old Mu Gu"s mouth moved under the focus of Qiu Ling. Immediately he withdrew his hands under his sleeves. His expression was indifferent.
While the few of them spoke the fluctuating spatial door had fully stabilized.
"Let"s go."
Qiu Ling exchanged glances with Xuan Kong Zi"s group upon seeing this. After which he slightly nodded. Qiu Ling waved...
Chapter 1197: Fierce Three Thousand Burning Flame
That dragon"s might grew stronger as Xiao Yan"s feet gradually approached the large dragon. There was a vague trace of Xiao Yan"s legs weakening where it seemed he was about to fall to his knees.
Xiao Yan slightly knit his brows when he sensed this change. This Three Thousand Burning Flame was indeed strange. Could it be that it has always treated itself as an Ancient Void Dragon?
This thought flashed across Xiao Yan"s heart as he quietly became cautious. From the looks of the aura on it this Three Thousand Burning Flame was far from what the Fallen Heart Flame could compare with. If he was careless he might end up falling in the most unexpected place. At that time it would be too late for him to feel regret.
Xiao Yan finally arrived in front of the large dragon a moment later as the hot eyes from everyone looked on. His body was suspended by the head of the dragon. Looking from a distance he was insignificant when compared to the enormous body of the Three Thousand Burning Flame.
Upon encountering the Three Thousand Burning Flame at such close proximity Xiao...
Chapter 1198: Seal Breaking
Qiu Ling"s expression became gloomy when the strange laugh resounded over the region. He did not even pause for a moment as he waved his sleeves. A vast and mighty Dou Qi pillar emitted a "chi" sound as it tore through space and rushed toward the spot where Old Mu Gu was at.
"Tsk tsk..."
The vast and mighty Dou Qi pillar did not strike Old Mi Gu. He flashed and withdrew in an extremely agile manner. After which his hands suddenly formed numerous hand seals while he withdrew. Following the formation of these hand seals Xiao Yan"s group suddenly discovered the dragon seal on the Three Thousand Burning Flame"s forehead suddenly echo and emit a slight energy fluctuation.
"This is bad..."
The hearts of Xiao Yan"s group felt shock upon sensing this situation.
"Old Mu Gu how dare you!" Qiu Ling"s expression also changed at this moment as he furiously cried out.
"Hee hee there is nothing in this world that the old me does not dare do." Old Mu Gu let out a cold laugh in the face of Qiu Ling"s cry. His rapidly changing hand seals suddenly stiffened while that strange smile on his face...
Chapter 1199: Reinforcement of the Hall of Soul
With the sound of a slight cracking sound the Star Region became dead quiet. All activities came to a sudden halt at this instant. Immediately Old Mu Gu and First Elder Qiu Ling who in an intense battle hurriedly withdrew by over a dozen steps in unison. After which they quickly turned to the Three Thousand Burning Flame.
Under the focus of everyone"s eyes the unusually large body of the giant fire dragon lingered in the sky. At this moment the symbols made of black lines on the densely packed dragon scales had disappeared. Although the eyes of the Three Thousand Burning Flame dragon had become slightly dimmer after breaking the seal the fierce aura that emitted threads of annihilation caused those present to be afraid.
"Dammit..." Qiu Ling"s expression was green as he looked at the Three Thousand Burning Flame that had escaped the seal. He let out a soft curse in the process since he knew that things had currently become a little troublesome. Who could stop the Three Thousand Burning Flame that had escaped the seal other than the three great heads?
"Ha ha..."
Compared to the...
Chapter 1200: Intense Battle
"Clang!"
After the cold cry of Old Mu Gu sounded countless numbers of dark-black chains made from an unknown material rushed out of the black fog in all directions. After which they crossed each other before ruthlessly restricting the large body of the Three Thousand Burning Flame. The chains shook and they firmly pestered the Three Thousand Burning Flame.
"Roar!"
The Three Thousand Burning Flame erupted into a furious roar after being sealed by these chains. Its large body wildly struggled. The purple-black flame continuously surged out of its body and burned the dark-black chains.
The purple-black flame lingered over the chains and many sharp miserable cries were emitted. Waves of black fog continued to surge out of the chains as they went all out to block the burning flame.
"Crack."
Under this all out struggle by the Three Thousand Burning Flame some dark-black chains were broken. Black fog surged at the spot where the chains broke. Some vague tiny savage faces appeared in the fog causing them to appear extremely strange.
"Hmph..."
Old Mu Gu"s...
Chapter 1201: Do It
Xiao Yan"s eyes brightened because of the appearance of the essence flame of the Three Thousand Burning Flame. The old man Qing Hua who had been observing from a short distance away transformed into a blurry figure at this moment as he rushed to the essence flame with lightning-like speed.
Xiao Yan slightly knit his eyebrows when he saw old demon Qing Hua react so quickly. His eyes flickered but he did not act immediately. Although the essence flame had appeared there were still three Honorable Elders from the Hall of Souls looking on with ill intent. It would not be easy to snatch this flame.
"Chi!"
Old demon Qing Hua"s speed was extremely swift. Within a flash he had appeared in front of the dark-black fire dragon. A hot expression flashed across his eyes. A vast mighty Dou Qi surged out of his palms and grabbed the fire dragon.
"Hmph you are seeking death!"
The Dou Qi of old demon Qing Hua had just been summoned when a couple of cold cries suddenly sounded before he could even make contact with the essence flame. Immediately a wave of rattling metal sounds was transmitted over. A dark cold wind stuck to the back of old demon Qing Hu...
Chapter 1202: Seal
"Xiao Yan you are seeking death!"
Old Mu Gu had sensed Xiao Yan the moment his figure had flashed forward. Immediately Old Mu Gu"s eyes turned chilly as he cried out in a stern manner.
Xiao Yan neither heard nor bothered to deal with Old Mu Gu"s cry. He brought the Sky Demon Puppet along and unleashed his speed to the maximum. He rushed toward the Dou Zun from the Hall of Souls who was blocking the Three Thousand Burning Flame.
"Kill him!"
An extremely deep killing intent surged into Old Mu Gu"s eyes when he saw Xiao Yan ignore his cries. After which he cried in out a deep voice to the black-clothed Dou Zun who had been injured by the Three Thousand Burning Flame earlier.
That black-clothed Dou Zun nodded upon hearing Old Mu Gu"s cry. Those two rushed out at the same time. Their vast and mighty Dou Qi caused waves of ripples to appear.
"Chi!"
The bodies of the two had just moved a short distance when the space in front of them distorted. A figure slowly appeared and blocked these two.
"Qiu Ling get lost!"
Old Mu Gu"s face turned chilly as he cried out when he saw Qiu Ling appearing in front of him.
Qiu...
Chapter 1203: Soul Battle
Xiao Yan who was in a state of wild joy discovered that the dragon seal on his hand had gradually become hot soon after that strange symbol appeared on the forehead of the Three Thousand Burning Flame. At the same time an extremely mysterious feeling suddenly appeared in his heart...
Xiao Yan felt stunned soon after this mysterious feeling appeared. He stared at the Three Thousand Burning Flame in front of him and he seemed to be able to sense its emotion.
"Roar!"
The Three Thousand Burning Flame was dull for a moment once the symbol appeared but it once again recovered its cautiousness while Xiao Yan was feeling shocked. At this moment it appeared to have understood something. An ice-cold fierce glint suddenly flashed as it firmly stared at Xiao Yan. The symbol on its forehead also grew brighter...
Xiao Yan"s heart was cold when he saw the fierce glint that filled the eyes of the Three Thousand Burning Flame. He was aware that he would be in a dangerous situation soon. It was just as Zi Yan had said. This dragon seal worked both ways....
Chapter 1204: Erupt
"Bang!"
The enormous body of the Three Thousand Burning Flame in the Star Region was rapidly swelling. Numerous thousand-foot-large purple-black flames surged out in all directions from under the dragon scales. In the blink of an eye they swept over a portion of the empty space. Moreover from the looks of it the eruption was far from over.
This large scale fire eruption caused even Xuan Kong Zi"s expression to slightly change. He sensed that the Three Thousand Burning Flame seemed to have released all of the flames that it had absorbed over many years at this moment...
"What happened?"
Xuan Kong Zi"s eyes flashed. He suddenly turned to where Xiao Yan was located only to see that he and the Three Thousand Burning Flame had descended into silence. An instant later Xuan Kong Zi seemed to have understood something. His expression gradually became grave as he exclaimed in a deep voice "It is a soul battle... this fellow is really too bold."
"Bang!!"
A portion of the body belonging to the enormous dragon exploded while Xuan Kong Yi mused. An unusually terrifying purple-black flame wave swept through like lightning manner....
Chapter 1205: Stalemate
"What did you say? The Three Thousand Burning Flame in the Star Region has erupted? Xiao Yan is still inside?"
The Little Fairy Doctor looked at the white-haired old man in front of her while she was within a room within the Pill Tower. Her hand had shattered the table beside her into dust as she suddenly stood up. Her warm and alluring face was currently covered with an icy evilness that had been gone for a long time.
Tian Huo zun-zhe"s expression also changed slightly as he stood beside the Little Fairy Doctor.
Qiu Ling also bitterly laughed upon seeing such a great reaction from the Little Fairy Doctor. He cupped his hands together and said "It is not as though we did not attempt to rescue Xiao Yan but he was engaged in a soul battle with the Three thousand Burning Flame"s essence flame. He would have been seriously injured if we brought him away. Moreover there is his puppet guarding him. It did not allow anyone to touch him."
"With the strength of the giant head of the Pill Tower it is likely that a puppet would not be able to stop him regardless of how strong it is no?" The...
Chapter 1206: Subdue
The moment Xiao Yan stood up the dragon eyes of the Three Thousand Burning Flame within the purple-black sea of fire immediately showed a panic expression flashing through them. An uneasiness suddenly covered its heart.
Xiao Yan waved his hand amid the anxious eyes of the Three Thousand Burning Flame. The surrounding fire barrier slowly shrank before transforming into a faint green fire glow that covered his body. After which he stepped forward. A fire wave was formed where his feet landed as he slowly walked toward the Three Thousand Burning Flame.
"Roar!"
A furious roar was finally emitted from the Three Thousand Burning Flame after seeing that Xiao Yan had finally moved. It widened its enormous dragon mouth and a large fire pillar shot out like a volcano. However the strength of this current fire pillar was clearly inferior to what it was before.
Xiao Yan smiled in the face the Three Thousand Burning Flame"s attack. He gently waved a sleeve and a jade-green fire pillar shot out from it. After which it collided with the other fire pillar. The purple-black fire pillar lasted for an instant...
Chapter 1207: Swallowing Heavenly Flame Nine Star Dou Zong!
The terrifying temperature within the Star Region created by the purple-black flames continued to rise. It was mind-bogglingly hot. Even space itself had become exceptionally distorted at this moment. If a layer of seals had not existed to keep it isolated it was likely that these flames would have erupted like a volcano with pressure building up underground bringing a calamity to Holy Pill City.
There was an empty area within the middle of this dead region permeated by purple-black flames. Not the slightest flame flowed within this area. All the sweeping flames would automatically flow away when they swam close to this area.
A skinny figure sat cross-legged in the empty region. An extremely deep-purple-brown flame rose from his body. This kind of flame lingered over him. Each time the flame churned it would cause the endless purple-black fire sea to fluctuate.
That young man did not sense the change in the surrounding flames. It had been nearly eight months since he had shut his eyes back then. His...
Chapter 1208: Fire Lightning Bead
When Xiao Yan clenched his fist a terrifying suction force immediately surged out in all directions. Finally one could see wave after wave of majestic purple-black flames transforming into numerous fire pillars that whizzed to Xiao Yan"s palm.
"Compress!"
Xiao Yan"s eyes hardened as he softly cried out while he observed the majestic flame that had gathered in his hand.
His cry sounded and the energy above Xiao Yan"s palm suddenly began to rotate at a high speed. A fire swirl a hundred feet large was formed above Xiao Yan"s palm. Numerous fire pillars continued to pour into this swirl.
The swirl rotated at an increasingly terrifying rate. In the end it transformed into a purple-black light. A deep rumbling sound continued to spread causing the space to form waves of fluctuations.
When the swirl"s rotating speed had reached a certain level the hundred-foot-large fire swirl also began to shrink. After half an hour or so the swirl was only the size of a palm. However this was not what Xiao Yan required. His hand was clenched and the swirl once again increased its rotation speed.
"Zoom zoom"
A terrifying ripple spread from the fire swirl. The fire glow suddenly...
Chapter 1209: Information
When that curse appeared the purple-black flame that had launched out of the spatial crack like a volcano immediately became sluggish. After which it swiftly pulled back in front of many stunned eyes. Within the blink of an eye it slid back into the fissure.
The sea of fire that had caused Holy Pill City to descend into a panic had disappeared in such a comical fashion. The chaos around the city had also come to a halt at this moment. Numerous stunned eyes stared at the spatial crack in the sky. Of course more accurately speaking at the skinny figure standing next to the spatial crack.
"That is... Xiao Yan?"
"He is still alive? Oh gosh how is that possible?"
"Why is it those flames that even the great heads from the Pill Tower could not handle obeyed his words?"
After the stunned feeling lasted for a moment someone finally recognized this star-like figure who the hot topic of everyone within Holy Pill City half a year ago. In an instant numerous private conversations rapidly sprung up within the city.
Even with Xiao Yan"s calmness he felt a little weird...
Chapter 1210: Fungus Green Pill
After chatting with the three great heads a little longer Xiao Yan"s group finally bid them farewell and returned to their room.
"Has anything happened during this period of time?" Xiao Yan randomly asked after having entered the room.
"Due to the Ye clan having many matters to deal with Ye Zong could only return to Ye City with Xin Lan in disappointment after waiting hopelessly for a long time." The Little Fairy Doctor politely informed him.
"Yes." Xiao Yan slightly nodded. The current Ye clan was in a bad state. Being the First Elder if the clan Ye Zhong was unable to wait around Holy Pill City. Being able to wait for about half a year was enough to let Xiao Yan know Ye Zhong was sincere.
"Additionally people from the Profound Xuan Sect came to find trouble once during this period of time. Their so-called junior sect leader and two Elders went missing within the Pill Realm together. It is likely that they had met with some mishap. They think that you are the one responsible. Hence they would frequently come to find trouble. However Cao Ying was a witness and said that the one who had killed the people from...
Chapter 1211: Yi Chen
There was a plaza built from smooth granite outside of the Pill Tower. Usually the human traffic did not come to a halt around here. This spot was also a place in Holy Pill City where a large crowd was gathering.
However at this moment the human flow that was suppose to constantly be moving had gathered into an enormous crowd. There was an empty area in the middle of these people. Nearly a hundred figures were standing straight in this empty ground. The cold auras that vaguely spread from them caused the expressions of quite a number of people to change. At a glance one could tell that these were no ordinary people. It was obvious that they were full of ill intent from the way they had arrived in a high profile manner.
"They look like people from the Profound Xuan Sect?"
"Could that gray-clothed elder leading them be the chief of the Profound Xuan Sect Chen Tian Nan? It is unexpected that even this old demon has personally come. What are they planning to do?"
"It is rumored that they seem to be after Xiao Yan. Rumor has it that the junior chief of the Profound Xuan Sect had been killed by Xiao Yan in the Pill Realm. This old demon should be here to take revenge."
"No wonder...
Chapter 1212: Fight
Yi Chen"s pretty face did not reveal any surprise as he watched the young figure slowly appear in front of Qiu Ling. He gently smiled and asked "You are that Xiao Yan?"
Xiao Yan did not reply. His eyes were calm as he stared at this handsome man in front of him. The rich bloody scent on the Yi Chen"s body caused his brows to slightly twitch. This person was clearly vicious. Just how much blood must his hands be dyed with in order to obtain such a powerful stench.
"Xiao Yan do not be provoked by him. This Yi Chen is not a friendly character!"
Qiu Ling behind Xiao Yan slowly informed him.
"The other party has already put up a challenge. Can I still reject the battle?" Xiao Yan slightly smiled as he wondered aloud.
Qiu Ling was momentarily dull upon hearing this. He also understood that it was impossible to mediate this matter. Although Xiao Yan might appear gentle on the surface the pride within his heart was quite great. It would be alright if one treated him politely. However if one were to display a mocking enmity the attitude that the person would receive would likely not be good.
"Do your best Xiao Yan."
A lovely laugh...
Chapter 1213: Thanks for Conceding
A vast and mighty aura surged out of Xiao Yan"s body in all directions like an erupting volcano at this moment. The ground immediately formed countless numbers of cracks amid a cracking sound!
The powerful aura that erupted from Xiao Yan also caused Yi Chen who was in close proximity to be shocked. Before he could recover a fist that was wrapped by a purple-brown flame tore through space almost instantly and it ruthlessly smashed against his hand claw.
"Bang!"
Incomparably powerful wind ripples suddenly swept out at this moment. A layer of the hard granite floor was sent flying.
The breeze carried some rock dust as it scattered. Immediately everyone saw Yi Chen"s figure tremble within the battleground at this moment. He took some steps back before stabilizing his body. Immediately numerous uproars involuntarily erupted.
"Chief it seems that something is not quite right. The aura of this fellow is much stronger compared to back then. Young master Yi..." An old man behind Chen Tian Nan slightly frowned as he spoke. It was surprisingly that elite Dou Zun following behind Chen Xian back then.
Chen Tian Nan knit his...
Chapter 1214: Obtaining Information
Xiao Yan faintly grinned as he watched the green-faced Yi Chen throw up a mouthful of fresh blood. Xiao Yan"s finger gently rubbed a blood-colored Storage Ring in his hand. This was something that he had snatched from Yi Chen"s finger when they had exchanged blows earlier. Since the other party had cursed Xiao Yan and had lost the battle it was natural that the other party would have to leave something behind.
"Hand over the Storage Ring!"
Yi Chen rubbed away the blood trace on the corner of his mouth. His eyes were scarlet as he stared at Xiao Yan. His fierce manner was just like that of a wild beast.
"Treat this as a little interest." Xiao Yan laughed softly before speaking in a calm voice "You have already lost this stage match. Take your people and leave."
Yi Chen"s face was distorted. His eyes were dark and ruthless as he stared at Xiao Yan. The desire to kill surged within his eyes. Clearly he was unwilling to simply admit defeat. From the way he saw it the reason he had lost to Xiao Yan was because he had made a mistake in the way he had attacked. If he had been prepared he would not have ended up defeated in such an ugly fashion.
A denseness also surged onto the face of...
Chapter 1215: Death Soul Mountain Range
Human figures were scattered around in some seats within a spacious hall. The atmosphere within the hall was quite solemn.
Ever since Xiao Yan had walked into the large hall he had been staring intently at Xuan Kong Zi trio. Even his breathing had become a little hurried because of his excitement. It had been around five or six years since Yao Lao had been captured back then until now. Although Yao Lao"s life had not been at risk during these five or six years the suffering he had endured was definitely unbelievable.
All of Xiao Yan"s abilities had come about because Yao Lao paved the way for him. It was due to Yao Lao that Xiao Yan had been able to reach such a height. Hence as long as it was something related to Yao Lao Xiao Yan"s emotions would fluctuate a little.
"Little fellow do not allow your mind to become chaotic. Rescuing Yao Lao is not a simple matter. If anything wrong occurs midway it would be equivalent to delivering a goat to the mouth of a tiger."
Xuan Kong Zi involuntarily shook his head and spoke when he saw Xiao Yan"s eyes.
Xiao Yan gently nodded upon hearing Xuan Kong Zi"s scolding words. Xiao Yan took a couple of deep...
Chapter 1216: All Prepared
Xiao Yan was seated cross-legged on the bed within his room. His finger was rubbing a blood-red Storage Ring in his hand. It was the ring he had forcefully snatched from Yi Chen"s hand. This fellow possessed a high position within the Profound Sky Sect. It was likely that the things within the ring would not be too lousy.
"This is interest..."
Xiao Yan softly laughed. A thought passed through his mind and a trace of Spiritual Strength spread from between his brows. After which it invaded the blood-red Storage Ring. However the Spiritual Strength had just made contact with the ring when it was repelled by a force.
"A spiritual imprint has been placed on it huh..."
Xiao Yan raised his eyebrows when his Spiritual Strength was repelled. The strength of that Yi Chen was quite great. However if they were to compare his strength in terms of Spiritual Strength it was likely that even ten Yi Chen were unable to surpass Xiao Yan. This kind of spiritual imprint appeared to be without any defensive properties from Xiao Yan"s point of view.
Xiao Yan"s finger gently rubbed over the blood-red Storage Ring....
Chapter 1217: Rescue Mission
The top level of the Pill Tower consisted of an extremely spacious and grand hall. Normally the great heads of the Pill Tower would only receive guests here when they were VIPs.
At this moment there were some figures randomly seated within this large hall that had been vacated for a long time. A female servant was respectfully pouring tea.
"Ke ke Feng zun-zhe it has been many years since we have last seen each other. You still have that free and easy manner." Xuan Kong Zi in the leader"s seat looked at a green-clothed old man with a smile on his face and laughed.
The green-clothed old man was naturally Feng zun-zhe who had traveled non-stop from the Falling Star Pavilion after having received Xiao Yan"s message. He merely shook his head and laughed after hearing Xuan Kong Zi"s words "How can I be as comfortable as you a great head? My Falling Star Pavilion is merely a small character when compared to the Pill Tower."
There was a somewhat old-fashioned man was seated beside Feng zun-zhe. His body was rigid. It was as straight as a spear giving one a kind a sharp feeling. It was as though the one seated was not...
Chapter 1218: Stone Swallowing Demon Ant
The Death Soul Mountain Range was located at the north-western region of the Central Plains. This place could also be considered one of the more dangerous place within the Central Plains. It was rumoured that many big battles had erupted in this place a long time ago. An unknown number of skeletons were buried under the soil of the mountain range. Moreover due to this place having an extremely dense natural cold Qi it had resulted in this mountain range being covered by a cold fog all year round. One"s Spiritual Strength would even be affected deep within this kind of cold fog. A reckless person might even be trapped to death within this mountain range.
The Death Soul Mountain Range was not very far from the Pill Region. With the speed of Xiao Yan"s group they were able to reach it in around five days time. After having began their journey Xiao Yan"s group did not have many stops along the way. They basically continued travelling through the night and day. Under this craziness the group had already sensed the surrounding temperature beginning to swiftly fall on the afternoon of the fourth day...
"Are we about to arrive..."
Xiao Yan raised his head. His eyes looked into the distance. There was the outline...
Chapter 1219: Giant Hall
Feng zun-zhe and the rest were immediately stunned upon hearing Zi Yan"s words. They saw the docile manner of the Stone Swallowing Ant Queen that was rumoured to be incomparably fierce and their hearts seemed to have understood something. Their eyes looked at Zi Yan in a strange manner before softly speaking "The old me really has terrible eyesight. It is unexpected that this little girl is also someone who hides her skills."
Xiao Yan smiled. He was much better as compared to the shock that Feng zun-zhe and the others face. Zi Yan"s identity was something that he was already clearly aware of. The Ancient Void Dragon was known to reign supreme amongst all beast. The pressure that originated from the bloodlines did indeed possess a kind of unknown deterrence towards these low rank Magical Beasts.
Due to Zi Yan the originally tensed atmosphere had suddenly become relaxed. Xiao Yan"s body moved and he appeared a short distance from Zi Yan. His eyes curiously observed the so called Stone Swallowing Ant Queen.
The Ant Queen was dark gold in coloured. There were eight onion skin like wings on its back. Its enormous mouth had serrated sharp teeth that caused one to feel a chillness in...
Chapter 1220: Big Battle
A slight quiet shuffling sound appeared within the quiet mountain valley. A black torrent rolled down the slope. The speed of the flow was extremely rapid. Within less than half a minute it had already approached the surroundings of the enormous hall that sat within the mountain valley...
One could vaguely see some seated black figures on some stone pillars around the large black hall. These figures lingered within the black fog. A dense dark aura spread as it swallowed and spat.
"Huh?"
As the torrent swiftly approached a human figure that was completely wrapped within a black fog suddenly let out a shocked exclamation. The black fog rippled and revealed a somewhat pale face. He frowned and looked at the dark black things which were spreading like black water a short distance away. He was initially startled before a horror surged into his eyes. He hurriedly stood up and cried out sternly "Be careful. It"s the Stone Swallowing Demon Ants. How did these things get in here?"
The stern cry that suddenly sounded directly broke the silence of the valley. Over a dozen black fog figures hurriedly got up. Their expressions were stunned as they looked at the...
Chapter 1221: Killing
Xiao Yan appeared as though he did not hear the furious roar of the purple clothed Dou Zun. His body transformed into a blurry black line that rushed towards the large hall in a lightning like manner. Within a couple of flashes he had charged into the main door and disappeared within the corridor.
The face of the purple clothed Dou Zun twitched upon seeing this. He was just about to let out a furious cry when the fierce fist wind that head his way forced him to change his expression and hurriedly receive it. Even he felt a kind of pressure in the face of this dark gold puppet. If he was careless it was likely that he would be in some danger today.
This thought flashed across the heart of the purple clothed Dou Zun as the vast and mighty Dou Qi surged within him. Dark black metal chains rolled out from his sleeves. After which it whizzed and tore through the sky before ruthlessly struck towards the Sky Demon Puppet.
While a soul-stirring big battle had erupted outside of the Hall of Souls Xiao Yan became just like a breeze as he charge into the interior of the hall. Before the experts from the Hall of Souls along the way could attack they were already shaken by the powerful force until the spit...
Chapter 1222: Old Ghost Zhai Xing
This was the first time that Xiao Yan had personally seen Yao Lao ever since the latter was captured back then. That white haired elderly form no longer had the calmness of back then. All it had was a weakness of an extremely old man. All of these was the source of Xiao Yan"s heartache.
Yao Lao"s life might not be harmed during these years that he had landed in the hands of the Hall of Souls. However it was clear that he did not live well.
When Xiao Yan knelt down on the ground the eyes of Yao Lao who was within the light cluster trembled slightly. After which he slowly opened them. Turbid eyes looked at the redden eyes of the young man in front of him. He was startled for a moment before a weak pleased smile slowly surfaced on his face. His voice was hoarse as he said "Little fellow... has finally grown up..."
Xiao Yan could be said to merely be a youth with a soaring zeal and sharp edges when they parted back then. However within these couple of years the youth back then had already grown until such an extent.
This short sentence caused the heartache Xiao Yan felt to reach its peak. He rubbed his eyes and swiftly adjusted his mood. Currently...
Chapter 1223: Fooled
"Ke ke are you finally about to go all out and stake your life? The old me really wish to see just whether anyone within the current Xiao clan still possess the domineering aura from when Xiao Xuan was still alive." Old ghost Zhai Xing involuntarily laughed after seeing Xiao Yan kept Yao Lao into his ring.
Xiao Yan"s expression was cold and indifferent. The vast and mighty Dou Qi within his veins were roaring wildly appearing like numerous fire dragons. The current him was undoubtedly at a state where he had unleashed his strength to its peak after having swallowed the Three Thousand Burning Flame. Of course he also understood that if he did not unleash all his strength in the face of old ghost Zhai Xing"s peak five star Dou Zun"s strength it was likely that he would not even possess the opportunity to attack.
"Hand the "key" from the Xiao clan to the old me and the old me can spare your life." Old ghost Zhai Xing smiled leisurely and spoke with a faint voice in the face of the increasingly mighty Dou Qi from Xiao Yan. With his peak five star Dou Zun"s strength there was no need for him to even be a little afraid of Xiao Yan. That enormous gap between their class was sufficient for him to view Xiao Yan as an ant.
Xiao Yan let out a cold laughter within his heart in the face of old ghost Zhai Xing"s words. He...
Chapter 1224: Situation
Xiao Yan"s body did not pause even a little despite hearing the furious roar that was transmitted over from a great distance. Purple-brown flame lingered over his body causing him to appear like a fire beast on a rampage. Those remaining guards within the Hall of Soul hurriedly dodge when they saw this fiend charging out. Those Protectors that had been killed in Xiao Yan"s hands earlier had caused them to be completely frightened. Who would dare to step forward and stop him now?
Without anyone stopping him Xiao Yan"s speed was also raised to its peak. He could sense that old ghost Zhai Xing was swiftly giving chase. Clearly that old fellow had been truly infuriated after being fooled by his Three Thousand Lightning Illusionary Body.
"This old bastard..."
Xiao Yan cursed quietly within his heart. If it was not because of this old ghost Zhai Xing this trip would have progressed extremely smoothly. Unfortunately... the peak of a fifth class Dou Zun"s strength was sufficient to cause a reversal in the strength of the lineup from both parties this time around.
Xiao Yan cursed a little in his heart. After which he raised his head and looked at the exit a short distance away. His feet suddenly stomped onto the ground...
Chapter 1225: Delay
Old ghost Zhai Xing frowned slightly as he looked at Zi Yan who was blocking in front. His eyes rotated twice over the latter. For some unknown reason he discovered that he was actually unable to see through Zi Yan"s actual strength. While he could not see through it he could still sense that Zi Yan was unable to pose much of a threat to him.
"Perhaps it is some unique items that can shield one"s aura..."
Old ghost Zhai Xing muttered to himself within his heart. Immediately his eyes turned towards Xiao Yan behind. At this moment the latter shook the ring on his finger after summoning three types of Heavenly Flames. A wisp of dense white flame slowly rose from it.
"Four types of Heavenly Flames..."
Seeing this scene old ghost Zhai Xing could not help but shrink his eyes slightly despite his calmness. His expression also changed a little. The might of something like the Heavenly Flame was extremely great. However it was incredibly rare. One would be considered to be greatly blessed to obtain one of them. However Xiao Yan"s hands had four types of Heavenly Flames! How could this not cause old ghost Zhai Xing"s heart to tremble?
"This brat is indeed a little mysterious. From the looks of it he seemed to be preparing to unleash some extremely powerful attack..." Old ghost Zhai Xing...
Chapter 1226: Both Side Suffering Losses
The fire lotus was merely the size of a palm and was suspended over Xiao Yan"s palm. The core of the lotus was made up of four colours. At a glance it appeared incomparably beautiful. However under this beautiful surface hid a annihilation like terrifying strength...
Xiao Yan"s expression had became quite pale at this moment. A Heavenly Flame that was merged from four types of Heavenly Flames was not as easy to create as he had thought. Although he had the experience from merging the Annihilation Fire Lotus in the past the Life Transforming Flame was not a true Heavenly Flame. There was naturally less trouble when merging it. This time around however... he had used four types of genuine Heavenly Flames. The difficulty of merger was exposed almost immediately.
If it was not because Xiao Yan"s strength could be considered to have soared and that his soul had advanced to the so called Soul State it was likely that he would not be able to truly successfully merge the Annihilation Fire Lotus even if he possessed four types of Heavenly Flames.
Moreover the fire lotus at this moment was not a complete success. The destructive energy within it was far too terrifying. Even Xiao Yan could only carefully mediate it until...
Chapter 1227: Mysterious Person
The expressions of Feng zun-zhe and the rest changed slightly upon hearing the icy cold voice that resounded over the sky. Immediately their eyes focused intently on the spot where the firestorm had disappeared. There two no three figures had appeared within their line of sight.
Two of the three who had appeared were unknown old men. They were dressed in black and white robes respectively. The clear colour made it easy for others to identify them. At this moment the expressions of these two were covered with a shady expression. A branch hall was destroyed. If one looked into the matter it was likely that all the members of the Hall of Soul present would not be able to escape responsibility.
After everyone"s eyes swept over these two people their gazes paused onto the figure who was between the two of them. In an instant their expressions became a little interesting.
The condition of that figure was currently not much better than Xiao Yan. He was similarly covered with fresh blood. The skin that was revealed outside of his robes had revealed a large about of blood and flesh. His sleeves had already been completely blown off. Moreover fresh blood continuously dripped from his sleeves. One of his arm had actually...
Chapter 1228: Serious Injury
This was an extremely vast and endless desolated plains. One could still see some green grass patches on the plains. However most of it was a desolated bright yellow colour. Occasionally some eagles would fly in the sky above while being accompanied by a couple of sharp eagle cry.
Desolation covered this entire plain. At a certain moment the space of this place rippled. Immediately a dark black hole was split opened in this empty space. A couple of human figures exited from it in a somewhat miserable manner. After which they landed on the ground.
"Zi Yan are you alright?"
Little Fairy Doctor hurriedly asked when she landed and saw Zi Yan"s pale white face.
Zi Yan shook her head. Purple light flashed on the body. Immediately she began to slowly shrunk. Within the blink of an eye she had turned back into the little girl from before. She panted a little before wiping off the cold sweat on her forehead and said "It"s nothing. I will be fine after resting a little. You should take a look at XIao Yan"s condition first."
Feng zun-zhe by the side held Xiao Yan"s pulse the moment he appeared. His expression became increasingly ugly after a deep probe.
Everyone"s heart sunk when they saw this...
Chapter 1229: Falling Star Pavilion
The Falling Star Pavilion was situated at the southern region of the Central Plains. Amongst the so called four pavilions the Falling Star Pavilion had the least number of disciples. Of course their numbers might not make it but it was fortunate that the Falling Star Pavilion could pass in terms of quality. One must not underestimate a disciple from the Falling Star Pavilion due to the latter"s young age should one end up meeting him. This was because the Falling Star Pavilion never recruit mediocre people...
The Falling Star Pavilion did not only possess the least number of disciples amongst the four Pavilions but it was also the most mysterious one. The other three pavilions built their headquarters in an extremely grand manner causing one to be able to sense the great strength of this sect from a glance. However the Falling Star Pavilion was different. Unless it was someone who had a great understanding of the Falling Star Pavilion otherwise it was likely that one would have difficulty even finding the location of the sect. This caused the Falling Star Pavilion to possess an additional mysterious feel to it from other people"s perspective.
The Pill Region was at a...
Chapter 1230: Time Flies
The arrival of Yao Lao"s group had undoubtedly caused the Falling Star Pavilion to become unusually lively. The disciples within the Falling Star Pavilion and even some Elders were extremely curious about this pavilion chief that only existed in legend. The Falling Star Pavilion was basically developed by Feng zun-zhe alone during these years. Even though this was the case Feng zun-zhe had also been leaving the spot of the pavilion chief empty. He did not have any intention of sitting on it. This was because he ultimately believed that Yao Lao would sooner or later return to the Falling Star Pavilion. This position was something that he had reserved for Yao Lao.
This day had also ultimately arrived like he had anticipated. Hence after settling the matter of Xiao Yan he had gathered all the disciples of the Falling Star Pavilion the next day and announce the matter of returning the pavilion chief position.
This kind of matter was undoubtedly extremely shocking to the Falling Star Pavilion. In the past the Falling Star Pavilion had been treating Feng zun-zhe as the leader. Currently their true leader was going to change. The disciples below were naturally not very used to it. Fortunately this unaccustomed manner did not last for very long before it was broken by another excitement.
Even these fledgling younger...
Chapter 1231: Advancement Dou Zun!
A black stone tower stood on the top of a mountain in a lonely manner. Wild grass grew on surroundings of the stone tower. These grass represented the change of time...
The top of the stone tower was still that same scene that had not changed for a millennium. A young man sat on the stone platform with his eyes tightly shut. A kind of purple-brown flame lingered around his body. The flame burned fiercely and it actually vaguely emitted a kind of great lifeforce.
Little Fairy Doctor"s eyes were startled as she looked at the young man in the flame from the side of the stone platform. It was a long while later before she sighed in a quiet manner.
"It has been a year... have you not awoken..."
Little Fairy Doctor softly muttered to herself. An entire year had passed ever since Xiao Yan was shifted over to this place back then. The Falling Star Pavilion had suddenly strengthened rapidly during this one year. However Xiao Yan whom Little Fairy Doctor was most concerned about did not wake from his unconscious recuperating state.
Initially Yao Lao and the rest merely thought that it was because Xiao Yan"s...
Chapter 1232: Awakening
The enormous dragon lingered over the sky. Its vast and mighty dragon might spread over this entire place. Under this intense dragon pressure even the expressions of some Falling Star Pavilion Elders changed slightly. The figures that were suspended in the sky could not help but descend significantly.
"Is this the senior training within the stone tower?"
"What terrifying strength... this kind of aura. None of the Elders within the Pavilion could compare with him!
"This aura should have reached the Dou Zun class. Hiss... how unbelievable. This senior is around the same age as us. Yet he has unexpectedly reach this stage."
Waves after waves of private conversations sounded on the mountain after sensing the vast and mighty aura that permeated over the sky. One could still hear a shocked note in these voices. Clearly it was the first time that they had met such a young elite Dou Zun. These people were in possession of quite a great talent in order to become the disciples of the Falling Star Pavilion. Their bones possessed some pride. However such pride appeared to be worthless in front of this senior named Xiao Yan...
"This fellow... he"s really a little too frightening. He had actually...
Chapter 1233: Ancient Remains
"Ancient remains?"
Xiao Yan was initially startled when he heard this. Immediately his eyes turned abruptly towards the Elder who had spoken and hurriedly said "Is there news of the Soul Baby Fruit?"
"Where did you obtain this news from?" Feng zun-zhe was also a little stunned as he looked at that Elder. From the looks of this manner of his it seemed that he was unaware of this matter.
That Elder smiled and explained "Pavilion chief Feng I have been responsible for the matter regarding the ancient remains recently. Base on the information that had been sent back there are some Magical Beast tribes that had attempted to barge into the ancient remains but end up miserably pulling back. However from what those who had fled said that remains possess a kind of mysterious thing that is extremely similar to the appearance of the Soul Baby Fruit. I guess that thing should likely be the Soul Baby Fruit."
"The Soul Baby Fruit is indeed something from the ancient times. It is not too surprising for it to appear in the ancient remains..." Feng zun-zhe was a little excited. He rubbed his hands together and said "Xiao Yan you are really a lucky star. We have no result despite searching for a year....
Chapter 1234: Beast Region
The azure sky was clear within thousands of kilometres. The sky appeared to be just an enormous blue mirror that was incomparably clear.
"Ao!"
A crane cry was suddenly transmitted from the quiet sky. Immediately a white figure rushed over from the distant sky. It was accompanied by a wild wind that whistled past the sky.
Only when one was close could one see that the white figure was a snow white giant crane. A couple of figures were seated on its spacious back. It was surprisingly Xiao Yan"s group which had left the Falling Star Pavilion.
This trip to the Beast Region would definitely not be a smooth one. There were too many experts being attracted by the ancient remains. It was not an easy matter if one wish to obtain the things one needed in this place. Hence Xiao Yan had brought Little Fairy Doctor Zi Yan Tian Huo zun-zhe and Xiong Zhan with him on this trip. This lineup along with Xiao Yan"s current strength was already very strong. Although it was unable to move unhindered within the Beast Region it was not one that anyone would dare to come and offend.
"Ugh what fun is there in the Beast Region. Why are we going there..."
Zi Yan had some complains over the destination of this trip....
Chapter 1235: Bone Mountain Range
The size of the Beast Region might not be comparable to the Central Plains but it was not something that could be slight. That stacking mountain range that extended endlessly was sufficient to allow one to feel the different wild atmosphere of this Beast Region.
Although the Beast Region is known for its hundred thousand large mountains this was merely a rough estimate. If one was to really count them it would definitely far exceed this number. These mountains spread into the distance where a human strength could not reach. Following the flow of time countless of treasures had also been left behind in this endless mountain range waiting for someone with the affinity to open them.
The ancient remains had appeared in the Bone Mountain Range of the Beast Region this time around. It was quite renown within the Beast Region. This was because this mountain range possess a sea of bones that caused one to be stunned. Countless number of beast bones were thrown in this place. These beast bones would gradually unleash some of the unique beast strength within them following the flow of time. This kind of energy was of not much use to a human but it was not a bad nourishment for a Magical...
Chapter 1236: Finding Trouble
The main aim of their trip this time around was the Soul Baby Fruit. If there was no special circumstances Xiao Yan also did not wish to create problems that could complicate the matter. However there are some things that was impossible to avoid even if one wished to do so...
Following the increasingly good relationship between the Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe and the current Wind Lightning Pavilion the latter had become increasingly arrogant. It had vaguely really think of itself as the big boss of the four pavilions. This time around they had forcefully snatch the campsite that the Falling Star Pavilion had found beforehand. This was undoubtedly giving the Falling Star Pavilion a slap. If the Falling Star Pavilion chose to ignore this manner it would definitely end up being a joke of others. It was necessary to endure and give in occasionally when establishing a sect. However one must not be weak when it came to things related to principles. Otherwise it would not only be a great blow to one"s reputation but it would also cause the morale of the disciples within the sect to decline.
Currently Yao Lao was already the pavilion chief of the Falling Star Pavilion. Although Xiao Yan felt a little helpless at the title of junior chief that had inexplicably fell onto him...
Chapter 1237: Roll Down
"Rip!"
Fei Tian violently shot into the interior of the tent like a cannon ball. A fierce force exploded at this moment. One could hear a ripping sound and the tent was actually blasted into countless number of fragments that danced in the sky. It immediately fell slowly.
Seeing that Xiao Yan was actually this ruthless in his attack the surrounding experts from the Wind Lightning Pavilion were also stunned. For an instant no one actually dared to say anything.
"Young fellow you are really bold!"
The tent was blasted apart. It appeared as though those within it were stunned by this action of Xiao Yan. A moment later someone finally recovered. A furious roar that was filled with the desire to kill resounded over this entire sky.
The current Bone Mountain Range had already been filled by an endless sea of people. There were people everywhere. When Xiao Yan"s group was charging over with surging killing intent quite a number of people became aware that there was about to be a good show. Hence rushing wind sound appeared in this entire sky the moment this roar sounded. In the blink of an eye numerous figures had appeared...
Chapter 1238: Spatial Seal
Four vast and mighty auras were entangled like an enormous dragon. The powerful pressure formed at that moment not directly shook Lei zun-zhe trio until they took two continuous steps back but the faces of those Wind Lightning Pavilion experts around them also became ghastly pale. Even their breathing had become heavy. Their eyes were also covered with shock.
The majestic aura that suddenly erupted also stirred an uproar around the place. Everyone were stunned as they looked at Little Fairy Doctor"s three people group which was standing behind Xiao Yan. At this moment they finally discovered that the three people who kept an unusually low profile while quietly standing behind Xiao Yan were actually also genuine Dou Zun class experts!
In this way if one included Xiao Yan himself four elite Dou Zuns would have appeared on the Falling Star Pavilion"s side. This kind of lineup was far from what the Wind Lightning Pavilion could compare with!
Lei zun-zhe"s body quickly paused after having taken two steps back. His eyes contained a shocked expression as he looked at the three people behind Xiao Yan. Other than that unfamiliar looking strong man he discovered that...
Chapter 1239: Black Shadow Person
Elder Hu smiled as he looked at the surprised expression of Xiao Yan and Mu Qing Luan. He said "This matter has caused an uproar all over the place recently. Many people were very curious just what kind of great being that murderer is. He actually dares to attack the Nine Serene Deep Ground Python the local ruler of this Beast Region. It was really touching something that one should not touch."
Xiao Yan nodded slightly. By being able to become one of the three great tribes in the Magical Beast world it was sufficient to indicate the strength of the Nine Serene Deep Ground Python tribe. As the saying went a powerful dragon did not suppress the local snake. Even the renown great factions on the Central Plains would give the Nine Serene Deep Ground Python tribe some face in this place. Unless one"s mind was a little mad otherwise one would not easily offend them. It was also because of this that Xiao Yan would feel so surprised when he heard that there was actually someone who was finding trouble with the Nine Serene Deep Ground Python in the Bone Mountains.
"Perhaps it is just some enemies from the past..." Mu Qing Luan...
Chapter 1240: Opening of the Remains
Xiao Yan was suspended in the night sky. His eyes looked towards the spot where the black shadow had disappeared towards. He frowned slightly. This person did not directly exchange blows with him. Therefore he was unable to probe the other party"s strength. However that unusual green light caused him to feel some danger.
"I wonder where this person has come from. Why did she attack Zi Yan?"
Xiao Yan softly muttered to himself. Currently an increasing number of experts were attracted to the ancient remains. There was an unknown number of hidden experts amongst them. It seemed that they really needed to be careful during this trip.
"Chi!"
A couple wind splitting sound suddenly appeared while Xiao Yan was in deep thought. Immediately a couple of figures swiftly rushed over. Their bodies paused when they were passing by. Their sharp eyes swept over Xiao Yan.
"There is the aura from that person here. Do we need to bring these people back for interrogation?"
The few figures paused. A fierce looking young man"s nose twitched slightly. His eyes contained a fierce glint as he suddenly looked towards Xiao Yan and said.
Xiao...
Chapter 1241: Enemies Appearing Together
"Crush!"
Water flow like splashing sound was emitted when the space became extremely distorted. As this sound spread the rippling of the entire space also became increasingly intense.
"Hu..."
Looking at the energy seal which was becoming increasingly illusory under the ripple the eyes of the countless number of people outside of the sea of bones suddenly had a bright redness appearing within them. Even their breathing had become a lot rougher. They slowly used a greater amount of strength on their hands which were holding on to their weapons.
Xiao Yan"s eyes were narrowed as he looked at the increasingly distorted space. Amidst the strange splashing sound he could sense a wave of extremely frightening energy ripple. This kind of ripple was unusually fierce. It was just like a volcano that was suppressed at the crust. There was a kind of crazy gushing feeling to it.
"Crush..."
Another strange crushing sound appeared. The distorted space suddenly became still. Immediately one could hear a strange "bang" sound. The distorted space was actually blasted into countless of spatial fragments with a "clang" sound appearing just like fragile glass.
"Charge. The...
Chapter 1242: Entering the Remains
Xiao Yan"s eyes swept over those enemies from the past one after another. His heart also let out a wave of bitter laughter at this moment. It was unexpected that these fellows would all be here...
While Xiao Yan was watching this group of people the latter had clearly also discovered his observation. Numerous eyes immediately turned over quickly. Their expressions underwent various respective changes.
"Humph it is unexpected that we can still see this little brat here..." Bing He zun-zhe from the Ice River Valley stared at Xiao Yan. There was a densely cold glint vaguely flashing within his eyes. Back then he could only withdraw because he was afraid of the Gu clan. Otherwise Xiao Yan"s group would have long since been successfully captured by him.
"Currently all sorts of people have gathered here. If I have the chance after entering the remains I might be able to attack. At that time as long as I do it secretively even the Gu clan would no longer be able to observe it..." Bing He zun-zhe gently turned the snow white Storage Ring on his finger. There was vaguely some killing intent surfacing on his face.
"It really is the case of enemies frequently crossing path. He is actually able...
Chapter 1243: The Fire Path With Another Secret
"Sizzle!"
The purple-brown flame was wrapped around Little Fairy Doctor"s group. It was just like a fire dragon that arrogantly rushed out from amongst the countless number of people. It brought about some chaos as he directly rushed into the unusually hot fire path.
After charging into the fire path the surrounding temperature had clearly been raised by dozens of times. The surrounding hard bright red stones were burned until they were completely red. The hot lava below continued to splutter out like a spring. Those hot rock fragments contained in the lava also possessed quite a great lethal force. If he was careless it might penetrate through the Dou Qi and cause one"s to end up being completely pierced.
However this fire path which might be quite troublesome to the others did not possess the slightest difficulty to Xiao Yan. With the Three Thousand Lotus Heart Flame protecting the body regardless of whether it was the lava or the surrounding demonic blue fire pillars that were shot out they were unable to cause any harm towards Xiao Yan. The use of the Heavenly Flame was completely revealed at this moment.
At this moment there were...
Chapter 1244: Subdue
Xiao Yan was likely the person who was most familiar with this kind of silver puppet amongst those present. This was because he had also refined one of his own. Moreover this current Earth Demon Puppet had already evolved until the Sky Demon Puppet stage...
Those puppet outside of the stone door were completely bright silver. Clearly they were still at the Earth Demon Puppet level. Base on Xiao Yan"s estimation these ten Earth Demon Puppet should have the strength equivalent to the peak of the Dou Zong class. They could already be considered quite strong. However it would be a little lacking if one wished to stop the many experts from the Central Plains with just them alone.
"Looks like the true remains is behind this stone door." Little Fairy Doctor looked at this heavy stone door and softly said.
"Yes. However the stone door is tightly shut. There"s also a faint spatial fluctuation on it. Clearly one cannot use brute force to open it. In that case the method to open it would likely lie in these ten puppets." Xiao Yan nodded slightly. His eyes swept once around and discovered that most people"s eyes were pausing on the puppets. Clearly all of them understood this in their hearts.
"Currently there is no need for us to attack. There will naturally be people who will take care of this...
Chapter 1245: Ancient Forest
The process of subduing the Earth Demon Puppets was far smoother than what Xiao Yan had expected. This was because he did not discover even a trace of spiritual imprint in the body of these Earth Demon Puppets. This kind of situation also caused Xiao Yan to feel quite lost. Perhaps it was because the countless amount of time had eroded the spiritual imprint or perhaps that Dou Sheng class ancient expert did not possess much interest in these puppets that he had randomly created and was even too lazy to place even a trace of spiritual imprint.
Regardless of what the reason was when Xiao Yan"s Spiritual Strength invaded the bodies of these Earth Demon Puppet he had discovered that he had already established a relationship with them. This process was without even the slightest difficult. Even if some other random person was to give it a try he would be immediately able to control them.
Therefore Xiao Yan"s expression had become quite strange after having kept all these puppets into his Storage Ring. His eyes glanced towards the gray clothed old man who was being beaten to the point of vomiting blood earlier. He quietly thought...
Chapter 1246: Soul Baby Demon Tree
The vast forest had an unusual fragrance lingering over it. A faint fog covered the forest and there would occasionally be some small beast rushing out from the grass. The peaceful atmosphere caused it to appear like paradise.
"This ancient forest had already formed its own world after countless number of years of evolution. It also possess quite a number of powerful Magical Beasts. Everyone should be careful."
A couple of figures rushed over the midair before landing on a large tree. Xiao Yan"s eyes swept around him before softly issuing the reminder. He could sense that there were quite a number of powerful auras in this forest. They were clearly the Magical Beasts of this place.
"Yes quite a number of Magical Beasts here are creatures belonging to the ancient times. Their fighting strength are quite strong. It would be a little troublesome if one get entangled with them." Tian Huo zun-zhe nodded and spoke in a deep voice.
"Tch. What did it matter if they are ancient creatures. Relax everything will be fine if you follow me." Zi Yan curled her small mouth. Her eyes swept around her before her toes pressed onto a tree branch. Her delicate small body rushed out and headed into the deep parts...
Chapter 1247: Dragon Phoenix Origin Fruit
Xiao Yan"s group were startled upon hearing these words of Zi Yan. They followed her eyes and looked towards the spot where she was staring at. However all they could see was an endless forest. There was not the slightest unusual sign at that place.
Xiao Yan revealed an expression of deep thought. It was impossible for Zi Yan to suddenly have such a feeling. The latter was an Ancient Void Dragon. Forget about him it was likely that even Yao Lao did not really understand that kind of mysterious existence. As for that kind of mysterious summoning that Zi Yan had mentioned it was perhaps only something that she alone could sense.
"What should we do? The sound of Magical Beast roar within this ancient forest is becoming increasingly close to each other. It seemed that quite a number of experts had been attracted to this place..." Little Fairy Doctor looked at Xiao Yan and said.
Xiao Yan frowned slightly. He glanced at Zi Yan whose eyes had remained locked on the deep parts of the forest. A moment later he finally nodded violently and spoke in a deep voice "Let"s go and take a look. Since...
Chapter 1248: Huang Xuan
The large skeletons were connected with the head of one touching the tail of the other coincidentally forming a circular loop that encircled this plains. This enormous stone altar was coincidentally at the middle of this circle.
While Zi Yan"s eyes were observing the bones below with shock Xiao Yan"s group had also noticed this point. Immediately they inhaled a deep breath of cold air. Their voice began to be emitted one after another. Ancient Void Dragon. Ancient Heaven Phoenix. These ultimate Magical Beast that basically only existed in the legends had actually appeared in this kind of place. Although they were only a set of bones it was already sufficient to cause one"s heart to be shaken.
"No wonder the Dragon Phoenix Origin Fruit is borned. An Ancient Void Dragon and an Ancient Heavenly Phoenix had actually died here..." Xiao Yan muttered.
"The Ancient Void Dragon and the Ancient Heavenly Phoenix are all the ultimate existences within the Magical Beast world. However the two are completely incomparable. They would fight wherever they meet. I think that the both of them had ended up dying in this place from injuries after experiencing...
Chapter 1249: Heaven Phoenix Ancestral Soul
The eyes of Lei zun-zhe"s group immediately revealed a fierce glint when they heard those dense words of the black robed old man.
"Leave that black robed old man to the Sky Demon Puppet."
u"A chillness also surged within Xiao Yans eyes. The most troublesome person to deal with in the other party was the black robed old man. As long as they subdued him the others were not worthy of their worry."
Xiao Yan formed a mysterious hand seal after his words sounded. The Spiritual Strength between his brows also spread. Following the spreading of his Spiritual Strength the ten Earth Demon Puppet in the midair also shifted their footsteps. Within the short blink of an eye the formation that had been displayed outside of the large hall earlier was once again formed.
This kind of formation was extremely mysterious. It could temporarily add the strength of the other puppets onto the puppet at the centre of the formation. Fortunately Xiao Yan had also successfully obtained the secret of this kind of formation when he was obtaining the control of these puppets. Hence he did not panic when using it.
"Hah!"
A cry was emitted from within Xiao Yan"s throat. The Sky Demon Puppet moved and rushed into...
Chapter 1250: Ancestral Soul Fight
The golden light arrived from all directions. After which it suddenly dissolved when it was within a hundred feet radius around that lovely little figure. In an instant that destructive strength disappeared.
u"Xiao Yans group revealed a shocked expression was he looked at the lovely small figure in front of him. They could suddenly sense a kind of undescribable frightening pressure from within her body. Compared to this pressure the Ancient Heaven Phoenix earlier was undoubtedly much inferior."
"Both of them had summoned their own remnant ancestor soul..." Tian Huo zun-zhe spoke with surprise.
Xiao Yan nodded slightly. His eyes looked at the enormous bones on the plains and his heart was slightly shakened. It was unexpected that this Ancient Void Dragon and Ancient Heaven Phoenix would actually possess such a frightening energy despite having been dead for so many years. It seemed that these two big fellows were at least at the Dou Sheng class when they were alive.
"Ancient Void Dragon?"
Zi Yan who had suddenly appeared and the ancestor soul that she had summoned immediately caused a shocked expression to surge up the face of the black robed old man. At this moment they finally abruptly remembered that in order for Xiao Yan"s group to enter...
Chapter 1251: Ancient Medicinal Pill
Everyone nodded when they heard these words of Xiao Yan. Since they had already taken the Dragon Phoenix Origin Fruit there was no longer any meaning in them remaining here.
Seeing that no one objected Xiao Yan once again glanced at this plain where an Ancient Heaven Phoenix and an Ancient Void Dragon had died. His toes pressed on the stone platform and his body appeared beside the beast spiritual barrier. Zi Yan by the side randomly drew a crack line with her hand and Xiao Yan"s group rushed out through the gap.
Golden light flashed within the forest. A couple of figures appeared out of nowhere. Dou Qi immediately surged from their bodies after they appeared. The Dou Qi was only withdrawn after they fail to sense any unexpected change around them.
"Those fellows has already fled beforehand. Looks like that old fellow is quite seriously injured..."
Xiao Yan sighed in relief upon seeing the empty forest as he laughed.
"Yes." Little Fairy Doctor and the rest also nodded. Their eyes swept around the place and they could vaguely hear the sound of some intense battles and beast roars transmitted from within this forest. It was likely caused by those who had barged in to seek for treasure.
"Let"s leave this place first. The commotion is becoming increasingly big. It would sooner or later disturb those powerful...
Chapter 1252: Attracting the Pill Beast
"Medicinal Pill?"
Everyone were stunned upon hearing these vulgarities of Xiao Yan. It was a long while later before they gradually recovered. Their eyes were filled with disbelief as they watched the snow white little beast. At this moment the latter was staring at them curiously with a pair of intelligent eyes. How did this appearance resemble a medicinal pill?
"How could there be such a big medicinal pill?" Little Fairy Doctor mumbled.
"I"m definitely right. I will not recognise that kind of medicinal pill scent wrongly. Earlier I thought that it was being emitted from some of the remaining medicinal pills. After a detailed probe however I discover that the pill fragrance is being emitted from the body of this small beast." Xiao Yan"s eyes were filled with a fiery heat that was difficult to hide.
"There are indeed some high tier medicinal pills that are indeed able to change form and even possess some intelligence. This place is an ancient remains left behind by an elite Dou Sheng. It is not very strange for there to be something like this..." Tian Huo zun-zhe said. He immediately smiled bitterly. He had never been able to see a medicinal...
Chapter 1253: Qing Lin?
"Humph I have already chased this beast for a long time. You are the ones who are snatching it. Yet you wish to hand it over to you now isn"t that a joke?"
That black shadow figure immediately laughed coldly upon hearing these words of Xiao Yan. Clearly the figure was a woman. Moreover it was likely that she was quite young.
"Just where did this woman come from? She already possessed such a mysterious tactic at such an age. There isn"t any word of such a young and outstanding person in the Central Plains." Xiao Yan"s expression was gloomy. A thought swiftly flew within his heart. However he was still without any conclusion a moment later. At the end he could only attribute it to there being too many hidden experts within the Central Plains.
"Woman you are really shameless. The things here belongs to no one. Would it not be a joke to say it belongs to whoever set sight on it first? If you have the ability you should release the Pill Beast and see just which side it will run towards!" Zi Yan cried out.
That black shadow person softly snorted in the face of Zi Yans" cry. However her hands that were grabbing onto the pill beast did not relax even a little. She was naturally aware that if she...
Chapter 1254: Reunion of Old Friends
The Triple Jade-Green Snake Flower Pupils was an extremely mysterious pair of eyes in this world. In terms of rarity it was likely even rarer than Little Fairy Doctor"s Woeful Poison Body. Xiao Yan had merely seen the Triple Jade-Green Snake Flower Pupils once during all these years. That was during the time when he was within the mercenary company that his big and second brother had established while he was training within the Jia Ma Empire. However the owner of the Triple Jade-Green Snake Flower Pupils that time was merely a timid little girl. She was a pitiful little female servant who had been mocked and viewed with great discrimination because of her Snake-Person bloodline.
Back then Xiao Yan had never viewed this little girl as a servant due to him pitting the miserable past that she had. Not only did he help her walk out from her timidness but had also provided her with much care. After he had returned from his training within the desert he had discovered that this little girl was already captured by the Mo clan. In order to rescue her Xiao Yan had used many tactics and create a great mess in the Mo clan before he eventually rescued her. At the last moment however the members of the so called Sky Serpent...
Chapter 1255: Terrifying Triple Jade-Green Snake Flower Pupils
Seeing this scene of enemies suddenly becoming companions everyone other than those directly involved had faces that were at a complete loss. Did this relationship not change a little too quickly?
"Humph she had even tried to control me that night." Zi Yan glanced at Qing Lin and snorted softly.
"That is a misunderstanding... I am able to see through the actual form of a person. Back then I thought that you are a Nine Serene Deep Ground Python. Moreover your actual body is a little different from them and is really similar to the royal family of the Nine Serene Deep Ground Python tribe. Therefore I have attacked you." Qing Lin hurriedly explained when she heard this.
"Who would be those ugly legless things?" Zi Yan was extremely dissatisfied with Qing Lin comparing her with the Nine Serene Deep Ground Python. She curled her mouth before she immediately thought that the region of this blow of hers was a little too wide. She hurriedly added "Other than Cai Lin jie-jie."
Xiao Yan helplessly shook her head. He ignored the argument of these two girls as he hugged the Pill Beast that was still trembling...
Chapter 1256: Main Hall
Human figures stood scattered about the spacious large hall. Other than a small number of lone rangers most of the remaining people were all from fractions that possessed quite a great reputation in the Central Plains. This included the Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe Wind Lightning Pavilion Ice River Valley Burning Flame Valley and other factions. All of them were already here. It seemed that their target was quite clear. All of them had directly hurried over to this place after entering the remains.
Xiao Yan"s group had naturally immediately attracted the attention of quite a number of people when they entered the large hall. Numerous eyes that were cautious filled with enmity or friendliness were being shot over.
Xiao Yan smiled in the face of these gazes. His eyes glanced at the spot where Feng Qing Er was located. The latter was staring at him in a dark and solemn manner. It was likely that they still remembered the great loss that they had suffered within the beast spiritual barrier earlier. A cold smile surfaced on the corner of Xiao Yan"s mouth when he saw this scene. He lead everyone and slowly walked into the large hall in front of many gazes. After...
Chapter 1257: Seal Vanishment
The sharp voice spread within the enormous main hall causing the expressions of quite a number of experts to change slightly. They could sense the unusually powerful strength of the owner of this voice.
While everyone were surprised a rushing wind sound suddenly appeared within the large hall. Immediately the black fog surged over from outside the hall in all directions. Finally it gathered in the midair of the large hall. The black fog scattered and a couple of figures appeared. That unique appearance method immediately caused quite a number of people to recognise them.
"They are actually members of the Hall of Soul?"
The hearts of quite a number of people pounded upon seeing the status of those who had arrived. They frowned slightly. Everyone on the continent were aware of the strength of the Hall of Soul. If they wanted to snatch the Tian class Dou Skill it would undoubtedly cause the originally chaotic situation to become even more complicated.
Xiao Yan"s eyes stared at the midair. The cold smile on his face became increasingly dense. A gray-white clothed old man with a dark and cold smile on his shrivelled face stood in the air in front of the couple of figures That appearance...
Chapter 1258: Chaos
Bang!
It was as if a large bomb had been thrown into the originally quiet and tense large hall at this moment. Within an instant it had caused the interior of the main hall to boil like a pot of oil.
Chi chi!
The light cluster disappeared. Ten different coloured rays of light surged out from within. Through the light it was possible for one to vaguely see the scroll objects within it. An ancient aura spread out from within these scrolls. This caused the eyes of quite a number of experts to become bloody red at this moment. Their breathing had also suddenly become heavier.
"A Tian class Dou Skill is about to be born!"
After the light surged the large hall remained silent for a short blink of an eye before a sharp cry suddenly resounded over the place. Immediately one could hear a rumbling sound appearing. Waves after waves of powerful dense Dou Qi erupted within the large hall. Numerous figures became like locust as they transformed into rays of light that rushed towards the light scrolls without due care of their lives.
Faced with the blockage of many experts those ten rays of light appeared to possess their own intelligence. They were actually able to turn...
Chapter 1259: Snatching the Ancient Scroll
"Bang!"
Xiao Yan"s cry had just sounded when a purple-brown flame immediately surged out from his body. His feet stomped on the ground and the floor immediately cracked into powder. His body was just like an enormous fire dragon that forcefully charged towards the crowd that was intercepting the bright red scroll in the most brutal fashion.
Xiao Yan"s sudden intervention had also attracted the notice of many people. Immediately the expressions of quite a number of people changed slightly. A chilling aura flickered in their eyes. They waved their sleeves. Fierce Dou Qi pillars ruthlessly rushed towards Xiao Yan while being accompanied by a rushing wind sound.
Given the strength of these people they would usually not dare to attack Xiao Yan. However at this moment everyone had become crazy under the allure of the Tian class Dou Skill. No one would bother about the other person"s status or strength. Hence they did not hesitate when attacking.
"Humph!"
Xiao Yan let out a cold snort as he looked at the dozen over Dou Qi pillars that had rushed over. He flicked his finger and five purple-brown fire pillars hurriedly shot...
Chapter 1260: Kill
Xiao Yan already had a killing intent towards Chen Tian Nan within his heart ever since the latter first lead a large group of people to the Pill Tower to capture him. However he was merely a nine star Dou Zong back then. It was quite difficult to kill this old fellow. Hence he did not act. Now that they have met again Xiao Yan had yet to act when this old fellow had attacked first. Moreover looking at the vicious stance of the latter it was clear that he really wanted to take Xiao Yan"s life.
Xiao Yan would naturally not show mercy to this kind of enemy who possessed a desire to kill him. Although the Profound Xuan Sect might not be very strong the Profound Sky Sect behind them caused people to be a little afraid. No one could guarantee that this old fellow would find some great trouble for Xiao Yan due to his grudge against the latter. It was not Xiao Yan"s character to leave a potential danger alone. Moreover the situation in this place was currently chaotic. It was likely that news would not really spread if he killed this old fellow here.
These thoughts flashed across Xiao Yan"s heart. He looked at Chen Tian Nan who appeared quite miserable under the attack of the Sky Demon Puppet. His face also...
Chapter 1261: Dou Sheng Skeleton
The sudden drastic change in Xiao Yan"s expression also attracted the notice of Little Fairy Doctor"s group. Everyone were startled as they carefully asked "What is it?"
Xiao Yan inhaled a deep breath of cold air. He looked at old ghost Zhai Xing and the others who are increasingly close to the stone chair. A bad feeling suddenly rose within his heart. An instant later he suddenly grabbed Zi Yan and Qing Lin beside him and cried out in a deep voice "Pull back quickly!"
"Ugh?"
This unusual action of Xiao Yan caused Little Fairy Doctor and the rest to be at a loss. However everyone trusted Xiao Yan"s words. Hence they might be uncertain of the reason for this action of his but they still immediately turned around and hurriedly followed him.
While Xiao Yan"s group was hurrying back old ghost Zhai Xing"s group had also stepped into a ten feet radius of the stone chair. Both of his eyes were fiery hot as he watched the seated skeleton. Dou Sheng. This level possessed an allure that even they could not resist. An elite Dou Sheng might be able to be called the top expert of this continent but there was still too much of a gap to the true...
Chapter 1262: Join Hands
The skeleton thin body stood within the large hall. Its originally jade white body had already turned scarlet. At a glance it gave one a kind of extremely strong bloody feeling. Two clusters of faint red glow flickered slightly within the skeleton"s eyes.
Two scrolls were dancing in the midair above the head of the Dou Sheng skeleton. Some unknown lucky fellow had obtained one scroll during the chaos earlier. Hence there were currently these two scrolls remaining that were without an owner. Of course at this moment there were hardly anyone who dared to snatch the meat from a tiger"s mouth in the face of the deterrence by the Dou Sheng skeleton.
The expressions of everyone in the hall once again changed slightly when that hoarse and old voice slowly sounded. From the looks of it they would not be able to smoothly leave if they did not defeat this Dou Sheng skeleton.
"Everyone there is no need to panic. The interior of this Dou Sheng skeleton only possess a remanent spiritual imprint left by that expert when he was alive. It is not a genuine Dou Sheng. It is not impossible to defeat it. However the precondition is that we must join hands. Otherwise if it defeats us individually there is a chance that all of...
Chapter 1263: Great Heaven Fortune Palm
Xiao Yan"s eyes focused on the jade white rib cage. His mind had churned violently because of that shocking thought.
"Those ten scrolls are all used to confuse people. The true treasure is actually on this skeleton. No wonder that old ghost Zhai Xing insist on attacking. It is because... he is aware that the treasure is hidden on this skeleton." A thought hurriedly lingered on Xiao Yan"s heart at this moment. He finally understood why old ghost Zhai Xing would actually go all out and fight with this Dou Sheng skeleton despite his cautious character.
"Hee what a cunning old ghost."
Xiao Yan laughed coldly within his heart. The flickering glow in his eyes was swiftly withdrawn. The purple-brown flame on his hand hovered over it once again. His palm was subsequently thrown out in a lightning like fashion. Each palm violently landed on the rib cage of the Dou Sheng skeleton. Under the frighteningly high temperature the scarlet colour that was present on the bones also swiftly disappeared. By sweeping his gaze over it for a moment Xiao Yan discovered that not every bone had the kind of mysterious characters. It appeared that only a couple of ribs near the...
Chapter 1264: Fighting for the Skeleton
During the time that Xiao Yan"s breathing had become heavier because of the Dou Sheng skeleton old ghost Zhai Xing on the square also revealed a wild joy that could not be hidden on his face. The residue spiritual imprint that the elite Dou Sheng had left behind also completely disappeared. Currently this skeleton no longer possess any offensive abilities.
Although his heart understood that the bones currently did not possess any danger old ghost Zhai Xing did not immediately act despite being filled with anxiety due to the frightening palm from earlier.
"Are you alright?"
Xiao Yan stood up from the ground. Little Fairy Doctor"s group hurried over and asked in a worried manner.
Xiao Yan smiled and shook his head. He saw that those in front of him were not injured and his heart sighed in relief.
"Fortunately you have warned us in time. Otherwise the result will be unpredictable. That palm from the Dou Sheng skeleton was really too frightening. It was likely that no one here could receive it..." Tian Huo zun-zhe"s eyes had some shocked expression. It was the first time that he had seen such a frightening Dou Technique.
"This...
Chapter 1265: Collecting the Bones
After keeping the three ribs into his Storage Ring Xiao Yan did his best to suppress his rapidly beating heart beat. He raised his eyes only to see old ghost Zhai Xing Huang Xuan and Bing He zun-zhe rushing over with churning killing intent.
"Xiao Yan hand over the Dou Sheng skeleton!"
Old ghost Zhai Xing roared furiously. His body suddenly quickened and his large hand grabbed violently towards Xiao Yan across the space. The space around the latter"s body immediately collapsed forming a concave spatial prison.
"Since you want it I"ll give it to you."
The purple-brown flame around Xiao Yan"s body surged out. It directly shook aside the collapsed space. His toes pressed on the empty air as his body swiftly withdrew. At the same time the Dou Sheng skeleton which he was grabbing in his hand was directly tossed towards old ghost Zhai Xing in front of many startled eyes.
Old ghost Zhai Xing was startled when he saw that Xiao Yan had actually really handed the Dou Sheng skeleton over. However he did not hesitate much. He grabbed with his hand and once again held the Dou Sheng skeleton in his hand.
"Old ghost swallowing all the food alone is not good behaviour!"
Two cold cries...
Chapter 1266: Intervention of Various Parties
The dark and cold smile on Huang Xuan"s face became even denser when he saw old ghost Zhai Xing nodding his head. He slowly raised his head looked at Xiao Yan"s group in the sky and spoke faintly "Hand over the thing and you might still be able to survive."
At this moment Huang Xuan possessed a great confidence within his heart. Old ghost Zhai Xing was a genuine five star Dou Zun. The latter"s strength was even a little stronger when compared to him. Now that the strong and the strong has joined hands to attack Xiao Yan their lineup had already far surpassed Xiao Yan"s group.
Xiao Yan glanced at old ghost Zhai Xing who had a face filled with ridicule. He involuntarily laughed coldly and said "Old ghost looks like having lost one arm is insufficient to you..."
"Relax this time around I will hacked off all your limbs!" Old ghost Zhai Xing"s face involuntarily revealed a savage expression as he spoke sinisterly after Xiao Yan mentioned his broken arm.
"In that case it will depend on whether you have this ability!" Little Fairy Doctor roared coldly.
Huang Xuan laughed coldly. He waved his hand. The many experts from the Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe and the Wind Lightning Pavilion...
Chapter 1267: Stacking of Four Seals
Killing desire spread over the enormous square. Vast and mighty Dou Qi pressure descended from the sky causing quite a number of experts to feel a fear within their hearts.
Xiao Yan glanced at old ghost Zhai Xing Huang Zuan and the others who had rushed over with a surging murderous desire. A thought passed through his mind. The eleven puppets beside him formed a formation with a lightning like speed. With the transfer of the energy the dark golden colour of the Sky Demon Puppet swiftly became bright.
"Leave Huang Xuan to the Sky Demon Puppet. I will deal with old ghost Zhai Xing. All of you will be responsible for blocking the other experts!"
The big battle was about to erupt with only a spark. Xiao Yan"s expression was also grave as he spoke in a deep voice.
"Why don"t I hold back old ghost Zhai Xing. That old fellow is too strong..." Little Fairy Doctor hesitated for a moment. Although she possessed quite a great confidence towards Xiao Yan she was after all clearly aware of old ghost Zhai Xing"s strength. The previous time Xiao Yan basically did not have any ability to retaliate in the latter"s hands. Even though he end up going all out and staking his life to...
Chapter 1268: Bloody Battle
The brilliant crystal layer hand was suspended on Xiao Yan"s palm. Powerful energy pressure spread out from it causing the space around to tremble intensely...
"Go!"
Xiao Yan inhaled a deep breath of air as he flicked his finger gently. That crystal handprint shook and a fine low cry was being emitted. Immediately it carried a tail of light as it tore through the distance and darted out explosively. In a flash it violently collided with the large star hand.
"Shatter it!"
Old ghost Zhai Xing"s face was ferocious. A thought passed through his mind and the large star hand smashed ruthlessly against the crystal light. This crystal light might be quite strong but he possessed quite a great confidence towards this attack of his. Given Xiao Yan"s strength as long as he did not use that frightening fire lotus old ghost Zhai Xing had complete confidence that he could suppress the former until he was unable to retaliate!
However at this moment he had forgotten that the current Xiao Yan was no longer the nine star Dou Zong from back then. Although the strength of a three star Dou Zun still had some gap with old ghost Zhai Xing this gap was no longer one that could not be make up for.
"Bang!"
The large hand and the light seal which were of completely different size suddenly collided under the many gazes. A shocking voice...
Chapter 1269: Help
Xiao Yan"s expression was somewhat gloomy as he watched these two human figures that had suddenly appeared. These two individuals had white hair. They were wearing grayish-white robes. A pair of wings were gently being flapped on the backs of these two old fellows. A faint lightning sound vaguely resounded. Xiao Yan had seen this pair of wings on Huang Xuan. Hence he also understood that these two people were likely experts from the Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe.
"Two five star Dou Zuns..."
Xiao Yan"s eyes swept over these two indifferent looking old men. His heart sunk involuntarily. The strength of these two were not inferior to old ghost Zhai Xing. This Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe was indeed worthy of being one of the three top tribes of the Magical Beast world. Two experts of such a level had actually appeared together.
"Is this this reinforcements from the Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe... that old fellow Huang Xuan was actually purposefully delaying time until the arrival of the reinforcements."
Xiao Yan"s eyes flickered rapidly. His fist also suddenly tightened.
"The bone wings of the Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe... brat your boldness is really great..." An old man wearing a grayish-white robe glanced at Xiao Yan before pausing his eyes on the pair of bone wings...
Chapter 1270: Hei Qing
The overbearing furious laughter was just like a thunder from the heavens that swept over the entire sky. The extremely powerful dragon"s might that was contained in the furious laughter caused the Dou Qi within the bodies of quite a number of people to appear a little blocked at this moment.
"Ancient Void Dragon!"
Huang Xuan trio"s eyes were shocked as they looked at the strong figure which had stepped out from within the spatial crack line. A horror finally surged up their hearts. Although the Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe was a tip tribe that was on par with the Ancient Void Dragon in the Magical Beast world they understood that the ultimate being in the Magical Beast world had always been the Ancient Void Dragon. Although the Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe had been tolerating this position for many years they still did not dare to perform even the slightest unusual activity. During the ancient times even their ancestors the Heaven Phoenix tribe had difficulty suppressing the Ancient Void Dragon much less they the descendants of these Heaven Phoenix?
Huang Xuan trio could still put on a strong front when facing Zi Yan who was a child Ancient Void Dragon. However in front of a true matured Ancient Void...
Chapter 1271: Separation
Everyone from the Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe looked at each other after seeing Xiao Yan"s group vanishing into the spatial crack line. None of them dared to open their mouth to stop Xiao Yan"s group.
"Elder Huang are we going to just allow them to leave with the Dragon Phoenix Origin Fruit?" That white haired man clenched his teeth and spoke with a face that was extremely unwilling.
"Do you have any solution? Are you going to charge forward and risk your life to fight with that person? It is likely that we will not be able to hurt him even if all of us here end up dying!" Huang Xuan"s heart was currently filled with fury. A duck that had reached his mouth had end up flying away. Moreover it had violently gave him two slaps before flying away. How could it allow him to be calm?
"Unexpectedly... that little girl is actually from the Ancient Void Dragon tribe. If it is not for her that Dragon Phoenix Origin Fruit would have been in the bag of my Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe." Feng Qing Er clenched her silver teeth gently and said "Moreover this time around... the tribe has dispatched so many experts over. If we end up returning in failure..."
Huang Xuan inhaled...
Chapter 1272: Mysterious Tattoo
Xiao Yan"s body slowly landed on the top of the back mountain. He looked at Yao Lao who was seated on a large stone and smiling at him. Cupping his hands together he said "We have fulfilled our expectations!"
Feng zun-zhe by the side involuntarily let out a heavy sigh when he heard these words of Xiao Yan. He lifted a thumb towards Xiao Yan and laughed "Good."
"Are you alright?" Yao Lao smilingly inquired.
"It can be summarized to have been full of surprises but no danger." Xiao Yan spread his hand and summarized the matter within the remains.
"It is the Hall of Soul again..." Yao Lao nodded slightly. A chillness surged within his eyes.
Xiao Yan smiled. He flicked his finger and a wooden box appeared in his hand. After which the wooden box was suspended in the sky before gently landing in front of Yao Lao. It was automatically opened. Golden light shot out of it before revealing that baby like golden fruit within the box.
"It is indeed the Soul Baby Fruit. Moreover it is the best quality golden grade Soul Baby Fruit." Even with Yao Lao"s calmness his eyes involuntarily displayed some joy when he saw this golden fruit.
Xiao Yan smiled and nodded. The Soul Baby Fruit had two grades. They were the silver grade Soul Baby...
Chapter 1273: Ancient Heaven Serpent
Xiao Yan finally sighed in relief as the gradual disappearance of the brutal feeling within his heart. He hesitated for a moment before his eyes once again carefully turned towards Qing Lin"s back. This time however he was much more careful. He locked his mind and a purple-brown flame slowly spread from within his body.
The mysterious tattoo on Qing Lin"s smooth back within the faint rise hot fog of the pool also became partially visible. The snake eyes of the nine-headed snake were once again shut. Hence the kind of unexpected change from earlier did not appear once again.
Xiao Yan knitted his brows slightly. He focused intently on the mysterious tattoo. The tattoo should be quite big as only a portion of the nine-headed snake"s body was revealed above the surface of the water. Clearly its curled body was still under the water.
Xiao Yan focused on this mysterious nine-headed snake. His heart felt quite lost. He had never heard of a Magical Beast of such a shape in this current continent. Moreover from the fierce aura that seemed to spread from this Magical Beast that caused him to be without any defense when he was caught off-guard it was obvious that this was not an ordinary Magical Beast.
"This thing......
Chapter 1274: Tian Class Dou Techniques
Yao Lao sat on the leader"s seat in the spacious large hall. His eyes were shut. Vast and mighty Spiritual Strength vibrated around his body causing the surrounding space to form some slight distortion. The current Yao Lao might not have a much greater Spiritual Strength than before but the fluctuating Spiritual Strength gave one a feeling of being filled with life. It appeared as though it possessed an even greater liveliness than the Spiritual Strength of the past.
"Teacher is it possible for you to replenish your essence spiritual aura?"
Xiao Yan who had received the news hurriedly walked into the large hall. His eyes glanced at Yao Lao on the leader"s seat. With his current ability Xiao Yan was naturally able to sense the change in Yao Lao"s current Spiritual Strength. Immediately he spoke in a joyous manner.
Yao Lao slowly opened his eyes. He looked at Xiao Yan who was swiftly walking over before smiling and nodding his head. He said "The golden grade Soul Baby Fruit"s medicinal effect is unexpectedly strong. My essence spiritual aura has once again recovered to the peak..."
"Then the matter...
Chapter 1275: Saint (sheng-zhe) Zhao Hua
"Bang!"
An explosion sounded deep within Xiao Yan"s mind. His soul also trembled intensely at this moment. Immediately his gaze gradually became blurry. By the time he recovered he discovered that he was within a mysterious realm.
This space was not very big and there was also not the slightest life force within this empty space. Xiao Yan"s eyes swept around a little. After which they suddenly paused on a certain spot in the empty space. An extremely ordinary figure was standing with his hands behind him at that spot. Xiao Yan was basically unable to sense even the slightest aura or Dou Qi trace from that body. That manner was as though he was just a normal person.
u"However this feeling that he got from his sight caused Xiao Yans heart to become increasingly grave. How could an ordinary person appear in this kind of mysterious place? If he guessed correctly this figure should be the true owner of the remain."
"This place should be a memory space that is hidden within the Dou Technique. This figure is also not a genuine elite Dou...
Chapter 1276: Perfect Body
The interior of the stone tower at the back mountain of the Falling Star Pavilion during the morning of the next day.
"Teacher the body refinement will begin soon. Are you ready?" Xiao Yan took out the four-star Dou Zun skeleton of Feng zun-zhe and placed it gently on the stone platform. After which his gaze turned towards Yao Lao by the side and spoke.
"Yes." Yao Lao nodded in a solemn manner. Despite his state of mind a ripple had involuntarily appeared in his heart at this moment.
"Old Feng the body refinement and the merging process this time around might require a period of time. Do not allow anyone to enter the stone tower during this period of time..." Xiao Yan turned his gaze looked at Feng zun-zhe by the side again and spoke in a deep voice.
"You can rest assured that the Falling Star Pavilion will enter into a cautious state once you begin. The experts that have gone out will also be summoned back." Feng zun-zhe"s face was grave as he nodded. Should Yao Lao recover his peak strength the Falling Star Pavilion would be able to strengthen rapidly. At that time it...
Chapter 1277: Dou Sheng Bone Marrow
Within the stone tower Xiao Yan watched the old figure who was shutting his eyes tightly while being engulfed by the flame. His heart sighed in relief when he did not sense any unexpected occurrence. Currently the body had already been successfully refined. The next step had nothing to do with Xiao Yan. As long as Yao Lao was able to successfully and perfectly merge with this body he would truly be able to revive.
Xiao Yan rubbed the cold sweat off his forehead. The continuous refinement of the body during these few days had been a great exhaustion to Xiao Yan. Fortunately there were quite a number of medicinal pills within his Storage Ring that provided him with a great stamina. It was due to this that he had successfully endured through it.
"Teacher the subsequent matters will depend on you..."
Xiao Yan softly muttered. After which he sat on a stone platform by the side. His eyes were slowly shut as he entered his training mode and began to recover from the enormous exhaustion that was created during this period of time.
After Xiao Yan entered his training mode the...
Chapter 1278: Arrival of a Big Battle
All the disciples on the Falling Star Mountain stood up at this moment. Their gazes were surprised as they looked at the distant sky. Due to the defensive formation that was naturally formed by the meteorite they were unable to see the situation outside. However they were vaguely able to sense that the Falling Star Pavilion seemed to be faced with a great calamity.
Feng zun-zhe and the others were gathered on a square on the mountain top. Their expressions were grave as they looked at the sky.
"The Hall of Soul have come..." Tian Huo zun-zhe knitted his brows and spoke in a deep voice.
"There are many strong auras outside. This time around it seems that the Hall of Soul really intend to wash the Falling Star Pavilion in blood as a deterrence to others..." A solemness appeared on Little Fairy Doctor"s face as she spoke.
Feng zun-zhe nodded slightly. However his expression was calm. He was aware that this day would arrive sooner or later. It was just a matter of time.
Feng zun-zhe slowly stepped forward. The seal in his hand changed and the Falling Star array in the sky rippled. Immediately the space slowly became...
Chapter 1279: Chaotic Battle
Xiao Yan was expressionless upon hearing the dense ferocious laughter of old ghost Zhai Xing. His body slowly rose into the air and looked towards the black fog that spread over the sky. It was likely that such a large lineup had already attracted the attention of quite a number of factions. Based on his guess it was likely that the area outside of the Falling Star Pavilion was already filled with the spies of other factions.
There were countless number of hidden powerful factions within the Central Plains. The fight between these factions was also extremely intense. The Falling Star Pavilion had received many challenges since it was established to become one of the four great pavilions. However this time around it was undoubtedly facing its most dangerous situation in its history. If they could endure through it the reputation of the Falling Star Pavilion would definitely soar and toss the other three pavilions far behind it. If it was unable to do so it was likely that the Falling Star Pavilion will forever disappear on this Central Plains.
"Old ghost your nonsense is really as much as it has ever been. Just attack...
Chapter 1280: Unleash
"Bang!"
Two human figures that were covered by vast and mighty Dou Qi clusters collided violently in the sky. Frightening earthshaking noise shot towards the cloud. Even the clouds that floated in the sky had been shaken until they scattered at this moment. No one dared to step within a thousand feet radius of the two. With such a terrifying Dou Qi attack it was likely that even an ordinary elite Dou Zun would have difficulty blocking it.
"Ha ha how enjoyable!"
Xiao Yan violently collided with old ghost Zhai Xing. The strong and fierce force shook Xiao Yan until he pulled back by over a dozen steps. His face was also covered with a desire to battle. Due to there being too big of a gap when they battled with old ghost Zhai Xing earlier he was unable to exchange blows head on with the other party. All he could do was to rely on his speed and agility to dodge. After which he began to display his Dou Qi attack. It was the first time this kind of bold head on collision had occurred.
Compared with Xiao Yan"s loud laughter old ghost Zhai Xing"s expression had become increasingly gloomy. In front of the many experts...
Chapter 1281: Miserable End
Xiao Yan was startled initially when he heard that sharp scream from old ghost Zhai Xing. Immediately his heart abruptly turned cold. The Hall of Soul actually still had some experts hidden in this place? Moreover the status of this person was actually such that even old ghost Zhai Xing who was a Hall of Soul Tianzun had to address as sir...
"Looks like the Hall of Soul has indeed come prepared...
This thought flashed passed Xiao Yan"s heart. A fierce glint appeared in Xiao Yan"s flickering eyes. Regardless of what the case was he should kill this old ghost Zhai Xing who had repeatedly oppose him before deciding on anything!
"Chi!"
A desire to kill surged within his heart. The speed at which the black light sphere spread suddenly quickened. The frightening suction force that was within close proximity shocked old ghost Zhai Xing until his soul scattered. That horrified sharp cry became increasingly moanful.
"Trash you have been turned into such a state by a younger generation. What face do you have to be a Tianzun of the Hall of Soul?"
Just before the light sphere was about to reach old ghost Zhai Xing"s body an indifferent and completely emotionless voice suddenly resounded slowly...
Chapter 1282: Displaying one"s Great Might
Ninth Tianzun"s expression changed slightly when his hand was being grabbed. This was because he discovered that at this moment the circulating Dou Qi within his body became sluggish. The fog that was permeated with rain droplets also rapidly disappeared.
This scene naturally caused some shock to surge up ninth Tianzun"s heart. He suddenly raised his head only to see an elderly figure suspended in the sky. That familiar face directly caused him to involuntarily exclaim.
"Yao Chen? Your body... you have actually recovered your strength?"
Ninth Tianzun had discovered with a glance that the current body of Yao Lao no longer possess that kind of illusory form like in the past. Clearly it was an actual body. Moreover the reason for his heart to sink rapidly was the frightening aura that filled Yao Lao"s body. That aura was so strong that it caused even his heart to pound a little.
"Teacher? You have awoken?"
Xiao Yan hurriedly turned around during the time that ninth Tianzun"s attack was blocked. He saw Yao Lao behind and a joy quickly surged onto his face.
"Yes..."
Yao Lao smiled slightly towards Xiao Yan. After which he slowly said "Little fellow you should go and...
Chapter 1283: Ban (Half) Sheng
The spatial crack line slowly spread and the icy bone chilling monstrous aura also permeated the place. Immediately a white figure finally slowly stepped out from the space. Finally it appeared in front of the countless number of eyes.
"Ninth it is expected that you have actually activated the spatial jade piece..."
The white figure slowly appeared as an indifferent voice sounded.
"Humph stop being annoying. You should take a good look at the opponent this time around!" Ninth Tianzun frowned and spoke in a deep voice.
The white figure slowly raised his head when he heard ninth Tianzun words. He had an old face and his hair was white. Even both of his eyes were dense white in colour causing one to feel a kind of extremely icy cold feeling. At a glance he appeared just like a block of ice.
"Yao Chen huh..."
The white figure"s eyes paused on Yao Lao"s body a short distance in front. He was slightly startled before he immediately seemed to have sensed something. A little ripple appeared in his white eyes. "You have recovered your strength?"
"The Hall of Soul is really well prepared. It is still not rest assured despite dispatching a ninth Tianzun....
Chapter 1284: Saint Yao Yao Chen
Ban Sheng!
These two simple words were undoubtedly like a furious thunder that suddenly blasted violently beside the ears of ninth Tianzun and eighth Tianzun. At this moment it appeared as though the Dou Qi within their bodies had ceased circulating. They widened their mouths. Their faces were dull as they looked at the old man in the distance who had stopped the enormous ice ball with a single hand.
Ban Sheng. Perhaps other people might find this level extremely unfamiliar. However ninth and eighth Tianzun were quite familiar with it. This was because this level was called an abyss of despair by many experts at the peak of the Dou Zun class. Most of the experts in this world who had reached the peak of the Dou Zun class ended up halting at the edge of this Ban Sheng class. Regardless of how they trained they were unable to truly stepped into this so called Ban Sheng class.
Only by stepping into the Ban Sheng class would one be able to possess the qualification to step into the Dou Sheng class!
One could even say that Ban Sheng was the most important foundation...
Chapter 1285: Meeting Old Acquaintance
Yao Lao looked towards the spot where ninth and eighth Tianzuns had disappeared. A moment later Yao Lao finally withdrew his eyes. He glanced at the distant experts but did not pay much attention to them. He turned around and landed beside Xiao Yan. His brows were involuntarily knitted slightly when he saw the mess within the star realm. Although he had stopped the attempt of the Hall of Soul to destroy the faction the Falling Star Pavilion had also lost some disciples to death.
"If it is not because I have just advanced to a Ban Sheng and my foundation is unstable I would have buried those two with everyone who had died." Yao Lao sighed. His tone had some murderous intent surging within it.
"Teacher need not be concerned about it. If it is not because of your intervention today it is likely that the Falling Star Pavilion will really suffer from a great calamity today." Xiao Yan smilingly said.
"Ugh it is all thanks to you. Otherwise forget about Ban Sheng even recovering to my peak strength would be extremely difficult." Yao Lao smilingly said. His smile was quite a happy one.
"Old fellow congratulations..."
During the time that Yao Lao was chatting with Xiao Yan...
Chapter 1286: Fortune
A beautiful figure was seated on a chair in a somewhat restrained manner within the hall. The lady was wearing a pale-green clothes. Her lovely body with alluring curves appeared extremely enchanting while being wrapped under her clothes. However that pretty face appeared a little haggard when compared to the past. Those beautiful eyes of hers would repeatedly sweep outside of the hall when she picked up a teacup.
"Creak."
While she was sitting uneasily the tightly shut door of the hall was slowly pushed opened. Immediately a familiar young figure slowly walked in.
Nalan Yanran"s pretty eyes watched the young man who had pushed open the door and entered. A complicated emotion flashed across her eyes. She had naturally heard about the matters regarding Xiao Yan in the Central Plains during these years. No one could expect that the latter would actually be able to do extremely well for himself within this Central Plains that was filled with many experts after they separated at the Heavenly Mountain Blood Pool back then.
Although her heart possessed some unknown bitterness Nalan Yanran quickly suppressed it. The...
Chapter 1287: Hurrying to the Flower Sect
"Half a month huh..."
Xiao Yan knitted his brows slightly when he heard this. It was likely that it would take over ten days for one to hurry from this place to the Flower Sect. From the looks of it it seemed that he was a little pressed for time.
"Is that sect chief the only one in the Flower Sect who oppose Yun Yun? What about the other experts? The Flower Sect can be considered a big faction with a long inheritance. The sect definitely possess quite a strong foundation. If the entire Flower Sect cannot accept Yun Yun it is likely that the other party will not take it lying down even if this trouble is settled unless one leave this sect."
"The Flower Sect does indeed possess quite a strong foundation. However most of the true experts from the older generations spend their time in continuous retreat. If these older generations experts are still in the sect that woman would not be the one becoming the acting sect chief. As for the other Elders most of them are loyal to Granny Hua. They will naturally not have any objections to Granny Hua testaments. The only problem is that...
Chapter 1288: Meeting Yun Yun Again
u"Dense white flame filled both of Xiao Yans eyes. It was a long while later before they slowly paled. Following the disappearance of the flame his eyes also once again recovered it clearness."
"Hu..."
A turbid vapor was being exhaled from Xiao Yan. His face was covered by a layer of faint fluorescence. There was a joy that could not be hidden vaguely present on it. He had never expected that he would actually be able to successfully remove the resistance within the Bone Chilling Flame towards him within this short dozen over days.
"Currently the Bone Chilling Flame has already completely merge with me. It can be swallowed anytime..."
Xiao Yan"s revealed an expression of deep thought. The time needed to refine and swallow the Bone Chilling Flame would definitely be quite long. If one counted the time of their journey they should be arriving at the Flower Sect soon. It was clearly not the best time to swallow it now.
"I should wait for Yun Yun"s matter to be settled before swallowing and refining it."
Xiao Yan made up his mind and relaxed. He suppressed the fiercely burning Bone Chilling Flame between his brows...
Chapter 1289: Yaohua Liangjun
Numerous eyes on the square were stunned as they looked at the man who had suddenly barge in and grabbed Yun Yun"s hand. In an instant the entire place actually became quiet. Everyone looked at each other and were somewhat uncertain of the reason for this occurrence.
"You... Xiao Yan? Why are you here?"
Yun Yun"s face was red from embarrassment. She also also somewhat stunned as she stared at the young man wearing a teasing smile on his face beside her. A moment later she finally involuntarily cried out loud.
"You can"t expect me to simply stand idly by the side if you are in trouble right?" Xiao Yan observed this peerless beauty in front of him. There was an additional unconscious gentleness in his voice.
"It is Yanran?" Yun Yun was slightly startled before she comprehended the situation. Immediately she sensed the heat that was transmitted from her hand. She hurriedly pulled her hand out from XIao Yan"s palm with a beautiful red face and spoke in a somewhat cautious manner "This is the Flower Sect. How can you simply recklessly barge in?"
"You have already hid from me so many years. It should be enough no?" Xiao Yan smiled slightly and sa...
Chapter 1290: Qi World Transformation
Xiao Yan"s shoulders shook as he watched Yaohua Liangjun rushing over explosively. Green-red bone wings appeared. Both of the wings were flapped and his body rushed towards the sky. That frightening speed directly caused Yaohua Liangjun"s attack to completely miss.
"What a fast speed!"
Yaohua Liangjun"s expression changed slightly after he missed. Immediately his eyes looked at Xiao Yan who was suspended in the sky in an icy cold manner. He spoke indifferently "Does Yao Chen only teach you how to run?"
"There is no need for you to be worried about this." Xiao Yan smiled. He waved his sleeve and eleven puppets appeared in a flash. A formation was created. After the energy transmission the Sky Demon Puppet"s body quickly became brilliant in colour.
"Demon puppet huh... Hua Jin you should go and seal with Yun Yun. Leave this brat to me."
A disdain flashed across Yaohua Liangjun"s eyes when he saw this puppet. He turned his head towards Hua Jin and cried out.
"Understood."
Hua Jin nodded. She immediately turned her cold smiling eyes towards Yun Yun. Her strength was around that of a four star Dou...
Chapter 1291: Sect Chief Position
The thousand feet giant stood in the sky. An ocean like vast and mighty Dou Qi spread from within the body of the giant. It appeared just like a thick cloud Wind lightning rolled while it swallowed and released.
"Hah!"
Yaohua Liangjun"s face was pale. However both of his eyes were completely dark and dense. His gaze locked onto Xiao Yan in the sky as his throat suddenly emitted and low cry.
"Go and die!"
The seal formed by Yaohua Liangjun"s hand changed. The giant that stood in the sky suddenly strided forward. Following this step a wild wind immediately blew across the entire sky. Cloud churned. Even the sky itself had fluctuated.
"Bang!"
The giant stepped forward. Its large hand appeared to firmly grabbed onto the naturally energy. Immediately a shocking bright intense glow erupted on his fist. His large hand was swung and the space immediately split apart. Frightening wind mercilessly smashed violently towards Xiao Yan in the distant sky.
This punch from the giant appeared to carry the natural energy. A ferocious hurricane formed on his hand. Even the square...
Chapter 1292: Refining
Yun Yun did not extend her hand to receive the chief"s jade token as she watched it being suspended in front of her. She was really not interested in this sect chief position. Moreover due to the shadows from those matters back then the thing that she was most unwilling to do was to be some chief of a sect...
"Take it."
Xiao Yan urged when he saw the hesitation on Yun Yun"s face.
It was still alright if he did not open his mouth. The moment he did so however Yun Yun could not resist glaring at him. She gritted her silver teeth and said "Receive it? And allow you to try and act mightily again?"
Xiao Yan was involuntarily a little embarrassed when he heard this. He said "It has been so many years yet you still remember these matters. No one was right or wrong in the incident back then. Although I have destroyed the Misty Cloud Sect the Misty Cloud Sect has also caused my Xiao clan to suffer great losses. I am aware that this matter is unrelated to you but I must still account for certain things..."
"I do not know about all of these great reasons." Yun Yun"s eyes reddened a little when she mentioned this matter. She was also aware that Xiao Yan was not wrong in that...
Chapter 1293: Unusual Natural Phenomenon
The fragrance from sandalwood lingered over the quiet room which had an unusually dry and hot air. High temperature spread and even the space itself formed some distortion. At a glance it gave one an illusionary feeling.
Xiao Yan was seated on a stone bed within the quiet room. His eyes were tightly shut and waves of frighteningly high temperature continued to spread from his body. There was vaguely some dense white fire seedlings fleeing from the pores all over his body. These flames lingered over the place and wrapped around Xiao Yan"s body.
Xiao Yan"s expression was calm and without any ripples. He did not sense the change around him. At this moment his mind was completely immersed within the strange Heavenly Flame merger within his body.
Perhaps it was because Xiao Yan was currently in control of three types of Heavenly Flames but his current refinement of the Bone Chilling Flame was not as difficult as he had imagined. Under the intense burning of the Three Thousand Lotus Heart Flame the Bone Chilling Flame already began to vaguely...
Chapter 1294: Quasi-Tian Class Qi Method
When it came to unusual natural phenomenon they could generally be summarized into three types of situation. One was when a high tier medicinal pill was born. It would attract the Pill Lightning. The second was when one trained to a certain level. It would attract such a situation. However this was usually rarely seen. This was because someone who could reach such a level was considered an extremely rare existence even in the entire Dou Qi continent. The third possibility was the birth of a Tian class Qi Method or Tian class Dou Skill. This birth usually did not mean the reappearance of a Qi Method or Dou Skill. Instead it was a birth from nothing. An example was... creation...
Only when some Tian class Qi Method or Dou Skill was being created would such an unusual natural phenomenon be attracted.
The current sky was not covered by pill fragrance. Clearly it was not the birth of a high tier medicinal pill. The second possibility could be directly eliminated. Although Xiao Yan was powerful it was far from sufficient to cause an unusual natural phenomenon. Since this was the case only the last possibility matched the situation.
However...
Chapter 1295: Tearing the Seal
Xiao Yan was startled when he heard the embarrassed voice of Yun Yun. He looked at the latter"s reddened face and said. "I am helping you look at the Dou Qi seal within your body..."
Yun Yun was startled when she heard this. She continued to stare at Xiao Yan somewhat doubtfully. A moment later her struggling hand finally weakened.
A helpless expression also surfaced on Xiao Yan"s face when he saw this. His hand was placed on Yun Yun"s arm before he shut his eyes. A trace of Spiritual Strength flowed along his hand and entered the latter"s body.
Yun Yun sighed gently when Xiao Yan shut his eyes. However her face still had an embarrassing red colour remaining on it. Regardless of what the intention of this fellow was this place was ultimately a public one. Many disciples and Elders from the Flower Sect were below. Just how it would look like if they saw this.
Xiao Yan slowly opened his eyes while Yun Yun was complaining in her heart. At this moment there was an additional solemness on his face. The Dou Qi seal within Yun Yun"s body caused even him to feel shocked.
"Base on what teacher had said that...
Chapter 1296: Interception
An exclamation was emitted from Yun Yun"s mouth while her face turned completely red. Immediately her hand was waved suddenly. Wind danced and the soft blanket on the bed flew up before completely wrapping around the alluring body.
Yun Yun"s expression only became a little better after her lovely body was hidden within the blanket. She lifted her pretty face and stared at Xiao Yan with embarrassment and anger. She demanded "Why are you still watching?"
Although she was currently covered by a blanket the blanket was quite thin. When it covered over Yun Yun"s lovely body it still ended up revealing an alluring curve. After being set off by the bright red face that was filled with shyness the scene was sufficient to cause quite a number of man to bleed wildly from their nostrils.
"Cough..."
Xiao Yan coughed dryly. He withdrew his eyes in an extremely calm manner and said "This has nothing to do with me. You are the one who blasted it apart..."
Hearing these words of Xiao Yan Yun Yun involuntarily felt speechless and furious despite usually being calm. This brat was actually someone who proclaim innocence despite having taken advantage of her.
Xiao...
Chapter 1297: Intense Fight
Dense bone chilling killing desire spread across the entire place. It was as though the air had solidified at this moment. The originally deathly quiet air above the forest had become just like winter emitting an icy coldness that chilled one"s heart.
Xiao Yan stood on the large body of the Nine Serene Deep Ground Python. He looked at Yaohua Liangjun four men group in the distance. After which he glanced at Hua Jin below who was looking at him with ill intent. Four six star Dou Zuns. The ferocious reputation of the Profound Sky Sect was really not earned in vain.
"Young master Xiao Yan what should we do?" Qing Lin frowned slightly and asked because of this sudden situation.
"What else can we do? The Profound Sky Sect has actually dispatched such a great force. I think that they are intending on capturing me..." Xiao Yan smiled faintly. A bone chilling coldness surged within his dark black eyes as he softly said "However with just the four of you you have really underestimate me quite greatly..."
"Your tone is indeed quite arrogant. The strength of that fire lotus of yours might be great but if the four of us join hands...
Chapter 1298: Qi Method Revealing its Might
Xiao Yan did not give in as he sensed the dense cold wind that spread from the large dark-black hand. He coldly laughed "Do you think that I am afraid of you old ghost in a one-on-one battle?
After his cry sounded a flame hurriedly gathered on his palm. After which he suddenly threw a punch forward. It heavily collided with Shenluo Guizun"s large dark-black hand.
"Octane Blast!"
The wind around the fist suddenly became sharp as it violently collided with the large dark-black hand. A shocking noise abruptly rang out. A rippling force also rapidly spread. The surrounding space gradually became distorted.
"Bam bam!"
The fist and palm collided and a strong wind erupted in a circular shape. Xiao Yan and Shenluo Guizun"s bodies trembled. Their feet took a couple of steps back.
With Xiao Yan"s current strength and the Skyfire Three Mysterious Flame he possessed the strength to exchange blows with a six star Dou Zun. Moreover the Flame Mantra Qi Method had evolved into a Tian class Qi Method. Dou Qi surged...
Chapter 1299: One Versus Three
Space distorted as a figure slowly appeared. The figure had blue hair and wore blue robes. This figure was the ninth Tianzun. The person who had led the experts from the Hall of Soul to the Falling Star Pavilion back then...
Xiao Yan remembered this person well. If Yao Lao had not advanced to a Ban Sheng the Falling Star Pavilion would have ended up with great losses during that attack.
"It is unexpected that even this person has come..."
Xiao Yan"s eyes slightly flickered. From the looks of the situation it seemed that the Hall of Souls and the Profound Sky Sect showed signs of ganging up. This discovery caused him to feel deflated a little. The Profound Sky Sect might not be comparable to the Hall of Souls but it was still a strong faction. Should these two parties cooperate a great pressure would fall on the Falling Star Pavilion.
"Xiao Yan you are really quite bold. If you had remained within the Falling Star Pavilion this one wouldn"t have been able to do anything to you. It is unexpected that you actually dare to come running out alone..." Ninth Tianzun smiled as he looked at Xiao Yan and faintly commented on the situation.
Xiao Yan"s expression was gloomy. However he did not say anything. Some thoughts...
Chapter 1300: Sent Flying
The human figure that came out of the spatial crack had a burly build with the back of a tiger and the waist of a bear. The figure emitted a rich ferocious aura. His appearance surprisingly resembled the expert from the Ancient Void Dragon tribe whom Xiao Yan had met Hei Qing.
"Old brother Hei Qing... why have you come?"
Xiao Yan was also startled as this human figure suddenly appeared. His tone was filled with surprise.
"Ugh I have come to look for you regarding some matters. Those old fellows from the tribe have dispatched me to find you. Dammit! Fortunately Zi Yan left a dragon seal on you. Otherwise I really would have ended up looking for you until I died..." Hei Qing looked at Xiao Yan as though he had found his savior. He hurriedly rushed over and heaved a great sigh of relief.
"Look for me?" Xiao Yan knit his brows upon hearing this. What matter could lead an Ancient Void Dragon to him? Could it be...
"Has something happened to Zi Yan?" Xiao Yan"s eyes suddenly widened as he turned to Hei Qing and asked a question in a deep voice.
"She is not in trouble. However there is something that requires your help... if you have the time you should...
Chapter 1301: Ancient Dragon Island
The interior of the spatial crack consisted of a strange tunnel that was filled with a faint silver light. The tunnel extended to an unknown end. Xiao Yan"s trio of people were swiftly flying through it.
"He is indeed worthy of being an Ancient Void Dragon. To be able to build such a long distance tunnel with just the strength of one person..."
Some surprise surfaced within Xiao Yan"s heart as he studied the spatial tunnel. This ability was something that even an ordinary expert at the peak of the Dou Zun class would have difficulty performing. It was likely that only those elite Dou Shengs as well as the Ancient Dragons whose control over the spatial strength had reached the pinnacle could do this.
Hei Qing was leading the way with a somewhat grave expression. He did not say much along the way. Both Xiao Yan and Qing Lin could only remain quiet. Xiao Yan"s brows were knit. Just what exactly happened to cause Hei Qing to be this serious.
The three of them shuttled through the spatial tunnel for nearly an hour. The uniform silver light in...
Chapter 1302: The Ancient Void Dragon Clan That Had Been Split
"Hu..."
Xiao Yan"s eyes solidified on the altar. A long while later he finally exhaled a deep breath of air. His expression was quite ugly. With his eyesight he was naturally able to tell that there was no life force on Zi Yan"s body at this moment. If he wasn"t able to sense a little familiar spiritual fluctuation it was likely that he would have thought that Zi Yan had already died.
"This is the solidifying of energy..."
Elder Zhu Li beside Xiao Yan also sighed. He said "The energy of the Dragon Phoenix Origin Fruit is really too frightening. It solidified and filled every part of Zi Yan"s body. If Zi Yan is unable to absorb this energy she will forever be in this state like a living dead..."
"All of you are really too reckless." Even though Xiao Yan was aware that the strength of the elder in front of him was extremely terrifying he still involuntarily yelled with a furious voice. If this matter was not resolved properly Zi Yan would probably lose her life."
Elder Zhu Li also bitterly smiled. He shook his head when he heard Xiao Yan"s cry. However he did not say anything. It was likely that he also felt regr...
Chapter 1303: Begin
Xiao Yan and Qing Lin remained on the Ancient Dragon Island during the next two days. Elder Zhu Li hurried to prepare the things needed to refine the energy crystal on Zi Yan. It was fortunate that he had instructed Hei Qing to entertain the two guests while he was busy. Hence two days swiftly flowed by while waiting in leisure.
On the third morning Elder Zhu Li finally appeared in front of Xiao Yan with a solemn face. Seeing this Xiao Yan understood that today was likely the day that they would begin...
"Little friend Xiao Yan please follow the old me."
Zhu Li informed Xiao Yan before turning around and leading the way at the front. Xiao Yan swiftly followed behind.
Xiao Yan followed Zhu Li as he flew to the deepest part of the Dragon Island. He discovered that the atmosphere of the Dragon Island appeared much more solemn today. The usually empty sky occasionally had one or two figures flying past. Their eyes were cautiously sweeping outside of the empty realm.
"Although we have done a good job of keeping this a...
Chapter 1304: Refining the Dragon Phoenix Crystal Layer
The sky was dry and hot. It was as though all the moisture in had been vaporized in an instant. The entire mountain appeared to be lethargic under this high temperature. Even the lush-green color that filled the area had become much dimmer.
No one paid any attention to the changes of the surroundings. At this moment everyone"s eyes were focused on the enormous cauldron at the mouth of the volcano.
A skinny figure was seated in front of the large cauldron in front of many eyes. Following the change in the seal formed by his hands it appeared as though the temperature was controlled by him. The temperature was occasionally high and occasionally low. An ordinary person would have difficulty enduring such a drastic change in temperature.
Elder Zhu Li was suspended in the sky. Both of his hands were placed behind him. His eyes were focused on the large cauldron and his expression was completely solemn.
"Zhu Li do you really think that he can refine the Dragon Phoenix crystal?"
An...
Chapter 1305: Chaos
Numerous rays of light suddenly appeared in the empty space. A moment later rays of light slowly descended to the Ancient Dragon Island. The light scattered and numerous figures with powerful auras appeared.
Most of these figures were wearing dark-golden armor. There was a dragon image on their armor. The dragon seemed to vaguely be moving appearing as though it was alive. It even appeared to be emitting wave after wave of a powerful Dragon Pressure. Other than these people wearing dark-golden armor there were some human figures with naked upper bodies. These people appeared quite large and strong. They had an awe-inspiring visual impact.
"It"s the people from the Western Dragon Island and the Southern Dragon Island!"
Numerous voices that contained some anger immediately reverberated around the Ancient Dragon Island when they saw these human figures.
"Xia Ao you actually dare to lead people to my Eastern Dragon Island? What great ability!"
The space in the sky became distorted. Numerous figures appeared. The old man leading them was Elder Qi You who had chatted with Elder Zhu Li back then. At this moment...
Chapter 1306: Awaken
"Bang bang bang!"
An intense energy rippled across the sky like muffled thunder resonating above the dragon island.
Xiao Yan who was seated in front of the large cauldron appeared to be unable to sense the chaotic situation that existed in the outside world. His blood-filled eyes were staring at the inside of the large cauldron. His hands were stiff as he formed a seal and controlled the temperature. This one month without rest and the need to perform such a frightening task would be enough to tire an expert at the peak of the Dou Zun class to the point of exhaustion. However Xiao Yan had endured this bitter struggle. Despite his endurance his mind had become blurry at this moment...
Hei Qing"s eyes were anxiously staring at the disheveled Xiao Yan. His fist slowly tightened. He was aware that Xiao Yan was already at his limit. Xiao Yan"s mind had been extremely tense during this period of time and had never relaxed even a little. Continuing like this would cause him great damage.
"This fellow is really extremely ruthless to himself. If the matter...
Chapter 1307: Dragon Emperor Zi Yan
The icy cry that resounded beside Qing Yan"s ear was not loud but at this instant it caused his soul to violently tremble because the cry contained a pressure that he was unable to resist. This kind of pressure originated from his soul and his bloodline...
"A matured royal bloodline..."
A paleness surfaced on Qing Yan"s face the moment his body stiffened. His hand which was close to landing on the top of Xiao Yan"s head suddenly halted. He did not hesitate even a little as his toes pressed against empty air to explosively pull back.
"Chi!"
While Qing Yan"s figure pulled back a purple-golden pillar suddenly shot out of the large cauldron. It penetrated empty space and within the blink of an eye it smashed into Qing Yan"s body.
"Bang!"
The purple-golden light exploded on Qing Yan"s body. A frightening wind caused his throat to feel sweet as he spat out a mouthful of fresh blood. His body ended up flying back in a miserable manner.
While Qing Yan was sent flying Xia Sha and the other experts who were fighting with Hei Qing"s group around the volcano experienced a drastic change....
Chapter 1308: Dragon Phoenix Ancient Armor
A blurry conscious drifted within the purple-golden light. Numerous icy-cool auras seeped out of the light before merging with the conscious...
This kind of assimilation continued for a long time before the purple-golden light finally became dim. The icy aura also weakened until it finally disappeared.
Following the scattering of the purple-golden light the blurry conscious emitted a faint coolness. The conscious finally began to awaken...
Sunlight scattered into the spacious room. It penetrated the window and left behind numerous light spots on the ground.
A human figure was quietly lying on a bed. The figure"s tightly shut eyes suddenly trembled. They soon opened with some difficulty.
When his eyes were opened the glaring sunlight caused Xiao Yan"s to knit his brows. He shook his head and the churning memories in his mind immediately surged over like floodwater causing his head to vaguely feel some pain.
"This place is..."
Xiao Yan sat up from the bed. His eyes were at a loss as they swept around him. He recalled that he ought to be refining the Dragon Phoenix crystal for...
Chapter 1309: Void Lightning Pool
"Swoosh!"
An enormous light shadow rushed through empty space like lightning. A strange ripple spread from this light figure and blocked the omnipresent tearing force that was being emitted from the emptiness.
The light figure gradually approached. Only then would one discover that it was an enormous black dragon. A figure was seated on the head of the large dragon. That figure appeared to be Xiao Yan.
"The Ancient Void Dragon is worthy of its name. Only they are able to roam around as they please within this empty realm. If some other Magical Beast or human expert tried to roam like this they would not be able to move so smoothly even if they could fly within this place for short distances."
Xiao Yan looked at the empty space that was swiftly flying by. His mouth could not resist letting out a low exclamation. A spatial collapse could occur within this empty realm at any moment. Moreover the omnipresent tearing force could tear an ordinary elite Dou Zun into pieces. Unless one possessed the ability to preserve one"s life...
Chapter 1310: Advancing to the Fifth Star
Thunderbolts roared wildly within the bright silver world like enormous dragons. A rumbling thunder continuously reverberated around this empty space. This mysterious trait was likely something that only existed within this empty space.
A figure was seated within the silver lightning pool. There were eleven puppets seated a short distance from this figure forming a circular shape with Xiao Yan in the middle. Wild and violent thunderbolts roared wildly outside of the circle. Numerous arm-thick thunderbolts continuously smashed into the eleven puppets like furious pythons. However these frightening attacks did not cause the puppets" bodies to move even a little. Instead the color on the puppets grew brighter.
The bolts of lightning in this monotonous realm seemed never-ending. Time began to swiftly pass by like flowing water amid this loud rumbling. Within the blink of an eye nearly half a month"s time suddenly passed...
Xiao Yan was not overly concerned with the puppets...
Chapter 1311: Old Mister Mang
The soul between Xiao Yan"s brows trembled the moment he caught sight of those ten dark-black thunderbolts. A wave of indescribable danger entombed his heart. Faced against this unprecedented danger Xiao Yan did not hesitate in store away the puppets turn around and flee out of the lightning pool.
Xiao Yan did not recognize the miserable figure being chased by the dark-black thunderbolts nor did he wish to be acquainted. That fellow was clearly not an ordinary person. However the dark-black thunderbolts behind him were even more extraordinary. Xiao Yan understood that if he were to even touch a little of that dark-black thunderbolt not even a piece of him would remain...
"This is really the case of extreme happiness bringing about sorrow. It is unexpected that I have actually meet with such trouble within this lightning pool..."
Xiao Yan unleashed his speed to its limits. Numerous after-images continuously appeared behind him. However the human figure from behind seemed to have discovered him. Moreover the thing that caused Xiao Yan to quietly cry out was...
Chapter 1312: Leaving the Dragon Island
Xiao Yan discovered that the atmosphere of the Ancient Dragon Island had changed when he returned. There were also significantly more hidden auras on the island. This kind of discovery caused Xiao Yan"s heart to feel a little awed. These powerful auras were likely those Elders from the Ancient Void Dragon tribe who had been training within the empty realm. The Dragon Emperor had appeared once again. These Elders who were unwilling to fight each other because of a split in the tribe had once again returned to the Eastern Dragon Island.
Xiao Yan quietly muttered within his heart. Of course he also understood that this path would definitely not be an easy one. Xiao Yan had listened to Hei Qing when he mentioned some of the information related to the other three great Dragon Islands. The Eastern Dragon Island was ranked as the weakest of the four with its strength back then. From this one could imagine just how terrifyingly strong the so-called three great dragon kings were.
Although these three big fellows...
Chapter 1313: Eight Ancient clans
"The last map fragment for the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame has been obtained?"
Xiao Yan"s face was filled with surprise. The Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame was a Heavenly Flame that he had always dreamed of. It was ranked third on the Heavenly Flame Ranking which proved just how strong it was. With Xiao Yan"s current strength he could rise to the peak of the Dou Zun class if he were to swallow and refine it.
"How can it be so easy."
Yao Lao helplessly shook his head pouring cold water over Xiao Yan. He said "The Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame is an extremely mysterious Heavenly Flame. Even I have never personally seen it. It is already a great blessing that you have obtained three map fragments. However it is not so easy to obtain the last map fragment."
"Ugh... then what is the good news that teacher has mentioned?" Xiao Yan was startled before becoming slightly depressed. Even his voice had become a little weak.
"We have not obtained the final map fragment but we have come across news related to it." Yao Lao fondled his beard and softly laughed.
"What...
Chapter 1314: Jade Invitation
"Abandoned?"
Xiao Yan was startled as he faced Yao Lao in front of him. He only softly asked after a long while "With teacher"s medicinal refining talent hardly anyone across the current Dou Qi continent could compare with you. How could you be a person abandoned by the Yao clan?"
"It is because of the Dou Di bloodline."
Yao Lao hinted at a smile. The emotions on his face slowly withdrew as he explained "Being born within an ancient clan comes with a far greater pressure than other places. There one"s status is differentiated by the richness of one"s bloodline. However both of us are similar. The Dou Di bloodline flowing within my body is so thin that it is insignificant."
"When I was in the Yao clan I was eventually expelled due to the failure of a mission I was performing. I was dissatisfied after leaving and began to place all of my effort into pill refinement. I roamed the Central Plains alone muddled along for nearly a century and gained some achievements. Back then I still bore the whimsical thought that the clan would once again summon me...
Chapter 1315: Great Single Soul Skill
Xiao Yan remained within the Falling Star Pavilion while he waited for Little Fairy Doctor to return. While he waited Xiao Yan did not train his Dou Qi. Instead he had turned his attention to the training of his soul.
The strength of one"s Spiritual Strength was related to the tier of an alchemist. Ever since Xiao Yan"s spirit had advanced to the soul state he had not paid much attention to it due to needing to train his Dou Qi. After all as a tier 8 alchemist those of the same generation within the central plains who could beat him were extremely rare but after hearing Yao Lao"s explanations he understood that this little achievement was not something to be of proud. His current alchemist level could barely be squeezed into the top five of the younger generation within that mysterious Yao clan. This fact which had been spoken from Yao Lao"s mouth left a great pressure on Xiao Yan.
Xiao Yan understood that he would probably come into contact with the Yao clan in the future due to his relationship with Yao Lao. No matter...
Chapter 1316: Hurrying to the Eastern Region
Xiao Yan swiftly pushed open the door and walked out. He saw a beautiful figure in snow-like clothes on the edge of the quiet courtyard in front of his room. The figure was standing there elegantly. The smile on the lady"s face was extremely alluring.
"Have you finally returned..."
Xiao Yan stopped walking. He looked at the lady who stood in scattered sunlight and was involuntarily startled. The Little Fairy Doctor"s snow-like hair had once again regained its original color. Long black hair poured down her back like a waterfall randomly spreading behind her. A gentle wind blew over causing her hair to sway...
The appearance of the Little Fairy Doctor was the same as when Xiao Yan had first met her back in Qingshan Town within the Jia Ma Empire except her alluring demeanor had become more potent. Even the gentle smile on her face was the same.
The current her was the true Little Fairy Doctor!
Back then she had rescued the dead and supported the injured within the Qingshan...
Chapter 1317: Enemies Frequently Cross Paths
An incomparably vast grassy plain extended into the distance. A lush-green color filled one"s eyes emitting an exuberant life force. A majestic and towering large stone square stood here. The large stone square was around a thousand feet in size. It was supported by a countless number of enormous stone pillars. From a distance it appeared like a giant standing between the sky and earth giving one a spectacular feeling.
A distorted color appeared above this huge stone square. Occasionally some silver lights would flicker and numerous figures rushed out of them to gently land in the square. This extremely spacious square was filled with people. Noise gathered together and charged to the clouds.
"Chi..."
The space in the air once again distorted at this moment. A couple of figures came out of it. These figures steadily landed on the large stone platform. They lifted their eyes and looked around them while a surprise surfaced on their faces..
"This should be the Gu Stone Square that is mentioned on the map. It seems that we did not take a wrong turn." The Little Fairy...
Chapter 1318: Like
The Little Fairy Doctor and the rest beside Xiao Yan became gloomy when they saw the many Black Submerged Army warriors pointing the long spears in their hands at Xiao Yan. Their bodies moved and they appeared beside Xiao Yan. Their vast and mighty Dou Qis quietly surged.
The atmosphere at the city"s gate had become a swords-drawn one as both parties faced each other. Some people"s eyes were observing Xiao Yan"s group with some interest. They were surprised that his group dared to attack a member of the Gu clan at the Gu Sacred City.
"Ling Quan as the commander of the Black Submerged Army are you planning on abusing your authority for a private grudge? This jade invitation was issued by the Gu clan. Since we possess this jade invitation we are guests of the Gu clan. With your status you do not have the qualification to capture me right?" Xiao Yan"s face sank as he coldly laughed.
Ling Quan"s was dull when he heard this. He was just about to let out a cold cry when a loud shout suddenly exploded from beyond the city wall. A figure rushed down in a lightning-like...
Chapter 1319: Eight Great Commanders Four Great Generals
When warm sunlight glinted through the window the next morning Xiao Yan who had been training slowly opened his eyes.
The space around Xiao Yan formed a mysterious fluctuation the moment he opened his eyes. Wave after wave of different colored Dou Qi quietly poured into Xiao Yan"s brows. Finally they merged with his soul.
"With this "Great Single Soul Skill" my spiritual training is progressing quite fast..."
An expression of being full of praise surfaced on Xiao Yan"s face when he sensed the full feeling that was being transmitted from the spot between his brows. He had worked hard to practice the "Great Single Soul Skill" the moment he had any free time. The gains he had obtained were quite great. His spiritual aura which had been extremely difficult to increase was automatically improved by nature when he circulated the "Great Single Soul Skill." This strange method was indeed worthy of being an item from ancient times.
Xiao Yan smiled and stood up from his bed. He stretched his body before pushing the...
Chapter 1320: Third Commander Yang Hao
The loud cry reverberated within the building causing the noisy atmosphere to immediately quiet down. These two people were quite well-known. One was the third commander of the Gu clan"s Black Submerged Army while the other was the Pill Gathering champion. The both of them were outstanding people within the younger generation. Could the observers be lucky enough to watch them spar here today?
Excitement surged in quite a number of people"s eyes when they thought of this. Their gazes swept around them in an attempt to find the two of them.
"What happened?"
The Little Fairy Doctor"s group was also startled because of this sudden unexpected change. They saw Xiao Yan"s gloomy expression and immediately understood something. They frowned and said "It is unexpected that trouble has come knocking on the door after having just talked about it. This is really a little too underhanded."
With their intelligence they naturally understood that the other party was afraid of Xiao Yan backing away explaining why he had publicly acted before seeking permission. If Xiao Yan were to lose this match it was likely that it would become...
Chapter 1321: Yan Clan
"He has actually lost..."
Ling Quan and the fifth commander visibly expressed their startled eyes as they looked at Yang Hao struggling with some stone fragments. They exchanged looks with one another and saw a horror that could not be hidden from each other"s eyes.
"This brat how did he become so strong..."
Ling Quan clenched his fist. His heart was filled with disbelief. Although he was aware that Xiao Yan had already surpassed him he did not expect Xiao Yan to be able to defeat Yang Hao whose strength was at the peak of the fifth star in such an easy fashion.
Being someone from the same clan Ling Quan was well aware of Yang Hao"s strength. Yang Hao possessed quite a number of powerful Dou Skills. He had even mastered the God Seal Skill to the Overturning Land Seal. With this strength he would be hard pressed to find any opponent who could match him from the same level. However from the looks of that battle earlier Yang Hao was completely suppressed by Xiao Yan until he was at a disadvantage. His ferocious attacks did not even harm Xiao Yan. Clearly Xiao Yan"s fighting strength had far surpassed...
Chapter 1322: Hun Ya
The two pair of eyes interacted with each other. There was a flame flowing within each of their eyes. It appeared as though the space between the two of them had gradually become hot...
"Puff!"
The four eyes faced each other. A moment later a cluster of flames suddenly materialized out of nowhere between the two individuals. The ripple from the flame incinerated some nearby tables and chairs into ashes...
Xiao Yan"s body trembled when the flame burst apart. A solemn expression flashed across his face. The Heavenly Flame within the body of this red-dressed woman was likely extraordinary.
"What happened?" The Little Fairy Doctor quickly arrived by Xiao Yan"s side. Her eyes followed his gaze and paused on the group of unfamiliar people before softly asking.
"Nothing..."
Xiao Yan shook his head. He gave the red-dressed lady a deep look. Although he greatly coveted Heavenly Flames he was not a fool. This woman was someone from the Yan clan Yao Lao had mentioned. Although Xiao Yan felt extremely unfamiliar with this clan a faction that could be ranked alongside the Gu clan and the...
Chapter 1323: Opening of the Gu Realm
Three days swiftly passed as everyone waited. Xiao Yan"s group did not head out during these three days. Lin Xiu and the others did not appear in front of them again likely due to being reprimanded by Elder Gu Xun. However Xiao Yan"s group understood that such a method would not solve the problem.
Of course Xiao Yan was not really concerned about such trouble. Ever since that person from the Hall of Souls called Hun Ya had appeared his focus had basically been transferred to this person.
From the words that Hun Ya had said Xiao Yan was aware that this person likely possessed some status within the Hun clan. After all he possessed an ancestor who was strong. It was likely that Hun Ya also possesses a strong background within that Hun clan. Otherwise he would not have two seven star Dou Zun experts as guards beside him. An expert of this strength would hold the position of a Tianzun within the Hall of Souls. An ordinary person would not be able to command them.
The words Hun Ya had said also hinted...
Chapter 1324: Heavenly Tomb
Clouds floated through an endless azure-blue sky. Occasionally a breeze would blow causing a green wave to stretch into the horizon on the grassland below...
"Chi!"
An intense fluctuation was suddenly being emitted in the sky and an enormous dark-black spatial door strange appeared out of nowhere. Soon after it appeared numerous figures began to slowly materialize from it. They stood in this foreign place.
"Is this the Gu clan? What dense natural energy. It is at least a couple of times greater than the outside world!"
"It is indeed a level that only an elite Dou Sheng can reach. This supernatural power is really unbelievable."
Numerous exclamations gradually spread following the appearance of these human figures.
While everyone was exclaiming Xiao Yan"s group also walked out of the spatial door. They sensed the dense energy and surprise flashed across their faces.
"What a powerful natural energy. If one trains here one"s progress will be twice as fast as the outside world. This Gu clan is not only blessed in terms of training talent they also possess such blessed land. It is not without reason...
Chapter 1325: Gu Zhen
Huo Xuan bade Xiao Yan farewell and left after chatting with for awhile. Xiao Yan"s face revealed an expression of contemplation as he studied Huo Xuan"s back from the side. It was obvious that this Huo Xuan was here to express goodwill. Perhaps part of the reason was because of his current strength but this was not completely the case. After all the former was a member of the Yan clan. Moreover the current Yan clan was not as dilapidated as the Xiao clan.
"This person is not simple. Even I am unable to see through his strength. He is indeed worthy of being from one of the eight ancient clan appearing mysterious and unfathomable..."
Tian Huo zun-zhe and the others who had withdrawn to the side finally came over and exclaimed after seeing Huo Xuan leave.
Xiao Yan nodded. If he had guessed correctly the strength of Huo Xuan should be that of a seventh star Dou Zun or stronger. Otherwise he would not have been able to hide his strength from Tian Huo zun-zhe whose strength had reached that of a six star Dou Zun. However if one were to really talk about being mysterious Xiao Yan still felt...
Chapter 1326: A Lesson
Dark clouds rolled across the sky. The enormous battleship slowly came to a stop above this endless mountain range attracting a countless number of gazes.
Everyone on the battleship gathered at the front of the ship. They looked at the precipitous mountain range below and sensed the auras of many experts within the mountain range. Quite a number of people were speechless. This was indeed worthy of being the headquarters of the Gu clan. The number of experts had already reached a terrifying number.
"Ke ke everyone here is an important guest of the Gu clan. Please proceed!"
Quite a number of people politely responded after hearing that elderly voice resound across the battleship. After which they moved their bodies and rushed down from the battleship before flying toward the cluster of buildings in the middle of the mountain range. That place was where the Gu clan would receive them.
Xiao Yan stood at the front of the ship but he did not move. His eyes were locked on a mountain in the distance. Tian Huo zun-zhe and the rest were standing behind him. Only...
Chapter 1327: Devil General
After that Elder called Gu Qian was told to withdraw Xun Er"s bright eyes once again swept over the vast mountain range. They finally paused on a green mountain. She could sense an extremely faint but exceptionally icy killing intent.
"Gu Yao... if you dare try anything funny I will definitely not let you off!" Xun Er clenched her hand as a furious expression flashed across her pretty eyes.
"Let"s go Xiao Yan ge-ge..." Xun Er slowly suppressed the fluctuation within her heart. She turned to Xiao Yan beside her only to discover that his eyes had also locked on the spot where her eyes had paused earlier.
"A very strong person." Xiao Yan softly said. With his outstanding Spiritual Perception he could sense an extremely faint but dangerous aura spreading from that mountain. Moreover this aura was clearly targeting him.
"Ordinary means are useless if one wishes to truly remove some resistance within the Gu clan!"
Xiao Yan"s expression was calm. Although he had defeated Ling Quan and Lin Xiu who were the experts of the Gu clan"s younger generation in Gu Sacred City...
Chapter 1328: Mang Tian Chi
The night sky was like water that spread over the land. Cool moonlight scattered down and covered the entire mountain range with a layer of silver yarn.
In the middle of the mountain range a cluster of buildings stood one after another. They were like numerous ancient beasts standing under the moonlight emitting traces of an ancient aura. At this moment these halls were well lit. These few days was a festive period for the Gu clan and many places were well lit and decorated. It was filled with a joyous atmosphere.
It appeared exceptionally quiet on a mountain far from these magnificent ancient halls. Without the noise this place was just like the residence of a hermit. It was calm and quiet.
A snow-white figure stood on the mountain top in an elegant manner. Her pretty eyes were staring at the well-lit halls without making any noise. No one knew just what she was thinking.
"Aren"t you going to rest?"
A gentle voice suddenly sounded on the top of the mountain. A green-clothed figure walked out from the woods. The moonlight scattered across her elegant face causing her...
Chapter 1329: Start of the Rites
A space in the sky distorted. After which an elderly figure appeared in front of many people"s eyes. This figure raised his arm the moment he appeared. Two majestic Dou Qi pillars that contained a powerful lightning glow explosively shot toward the Gu Qian duo below.
"You..."
Gu Qian and Gu Xu were extremely furious when they saw this figure attacking as he pleased. Before they could curse out loud they hurriedly pulled back while wearing ugly expressions.
"Chi..."
The two vast lightning glows shot through the sky like a meteorites. However before they could strike the bodies of the duo an invisible force suddenly spread. This force coincidentally received the two lightning glows.
"Why is it you?"
Xiao Yan looked at the elderly figure descending from the sky. He was stunned when he saw that somewhat familiar face because he had discovered that the old man who had intervened and aided him was actually that mysterious old man he had met at the empty realm lightning pool. The one that was always saying "Is this right?" An...
Chapter 1330: Bloodline Grade Clan Tattoo!
After the vast and mighty voice sounded three Gu clan Elders with extremely formal clothes stood up from their seats a short distance away with stern expressions. After which they entered the stadium. At this moment there were many tools present at that place. The adult ceremony of the Gu clan was quite complicated because one was only considered fully grown after one had undergone the adult ceremony of the Gu clan. The younger generation could only be considered a part of the core of the clan after the adult ceremony. Even marriages could only be conducted after one completed the adult ceremony.
"The true experts from the Gu clan have yet to show themselves..."
Xiao Yan"s eyes swept around this special area. Other than a small number of Elders from the Gu clan he did not see anyone on the level of the clan head of the Gu clan. Clearly these important people would not reveal themselves even at such a moment. However he wondered who that voice belonged to since it contained a Dou Sheng"s pressure?
"Although they do not show themselves there...
Chapter 1331: Challenge
Gu Yao"s expression was cold and indifferent as everyone"s eyes gathered on him. His footsteps were gentle and slow as he gradually entered the square. After which he bowed to the three Elders. However he did not kneel with one knee on the ground like Ling Quan Gu Zhen and the rest had done earlier. Instead his body was straight appearing like a long sharp spear with chilly air flowing from him.
The three Elders did not reveal any displeasure on their faces with Gu Yao"s actions. Although Gu Yao"s experience was not as great as them his reputation within the Gu clan was extremely great. He was also in possession of an extraordinary strength. It was only natural that he did not kneel to them. They exchanged looks with each other and waved their sleeves. That ten-foot-large star disk gently flew in front of Gu Yao. Some light seeped out of it.
"It is your turn Gu Yao."
Gu Yao nodded with a calm expression when he heard this. After which he slowly extended his hand in front of the many gazes and gently touched...
Chapter 1332: Strong Opponent!
"Xiao Yan..."
The Little Fairy Doctor knit her brows. She could sense just how frightening Gu Yao was. Although she was confident in Xiao Yan she also understood that this Gu Yao was definitely a strong opponent.
"There are some things that cannot be avoided..." Xiao Yan smiled at her. After which he turned his head to look at the ice-cold face of Xun Er beside him who was biting her lower red lip with the back of her teeth. He smiled and said "It"s fine... even if he did not take the initiative to stir this fight I would have stepped forward and revealed my strength to the Gu clan. Only then will I he able to block the mouths of some people."
Xun Er nodded a little. However her eyes became colder as she glared at Gu Yao. Xiao Yan had endured much ridicule within the Gu clan during these few days because of her. Today he was forced to step forward and spar with another. Even with her character all of this caused her to involuntarily feel a fury within her heart.
"Hee hee little fellow is really quite brave. Try to be careful. The old me will...
Chapter 1333: Peak Level Fight
"Bang!"
After that cold cry sounded the firestorm that was sweeping across the sky suddenly stilled. A loud "bang" sounded and it was blasted into many pieces. Fire waves rolled and swept across the sky. They smashed into the Dou Qi barrier around him causing the light barriers to become shaky.
The spreading fire wave scattered when it was around a hundred feet from Xiao Yan"s body. He stared at the spot where the firestorm had exploded. A figure covered by an icy-cold Dou Qi was stepping through the empty air slowly walking over. He appeared in front of everyone"s sight.
Gu Yao who had revealed his body at this moment was covered by a layer of thick mysterious ice. Light flowed over the ice. He had relied on this mysterious ice armor to block the force from the firestorm.
Gu Yao stepped through the empty air. His hand was holding a long crystal spear. The long spear appeared to have been formed from some mysterious ice. A cold light flowed over it and it emitted a sharp wind that seemed to enter one"s body. Clearly it was made from a strange...
Chapter 1334: Great Silent Destruction Finger
Four types of Heavenly Flames were suspended in the sky. Their frightening temperatures caused the air to become dry. Fortunately everyone here was quite strong. Hence perspiration did not fill their faces. Even though this was the case the eyes of quite a number of people revealed a shock. A Heavenly Flame was an extremely rare object. It was unexpected that Xiao Yan possessed four of them at this moment. This number was quite terrifying.
"Falling Heart Flame?"
Mang Tian Chi looked at the cluster of invisible flames that was rotating around Xiao Yan. He was startled before crying out in a stunned voice.
This Falling Heart Flame was something that Mang Tian Chi had placed a seal on back then. Hence he was naturally very familiar with it. He did not expect this Heavenly Flame which had been sealed at the bottom of the Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower in the Inner Academy to land in Xiao Yan"s hands.
...
"Four types of Heavenly Flames... how is this possible? How can four types of Heavenly Flames exist in a person"s body? Isn"t he afraid that...
Chapter 1335: End of Battle!
After Gu Yao pressed on empty space in front of him the entire sky appeared to have stilled. A destructive aura which seemed to have been emitted from hell swept out like a hurricane from where Gu Yao"s finger landed.
"Bang bang bang!"
The place stilled before it was suddenly broken. Those thick dark clouds in the distant sky began to rapidly shake at this moment. There seemed to be a frightening thing vaguely present that was about to break through the clouds.
"The Heavenly Flames might be strong but this Tian class Dou Skill of my Gu clan is even stronger than them!"
Gu Yao held his head high as he stood between the sky and the earth. His eyes were ice-cold as he watched the enormous fire coil that flew through the air. It was accompanied by waves of explosive sounds. He lifted his hand high above aimed it at the thick dark clouds in the sky and then clenched it.
"Bang!"
The spreading dark clouds suddenly paused when Gu Yao clenched his fist. The dark clouds swiftly split apart in front of numerous shocked...
Chapter 1336: Victorious
"Swoosh!"
Xiao Yan"s figure had transformed into a blood-colored meteorite in front of a countless number of shocked eyes as he shot toward the pale-faced Gu Yao. A four-colored fire lotus was emitting a bright luster. A wave of annihilation-like strength overflowed from it causing all the closeby energy to become violent.
Xiao Yan"s speed was as quick as lightning. With a mere flash he appeared a hundred feet in front of Gu Yao. The wild and violent energy that was being unleashed by the fire lotus truly caused Gu Yao to sense an aura of death. However he had just used the Silent Destruction Finger and his body was empty of Dou Qi. He was also shocked by Xiao Yan. At that moment he was unable to dodge. All he could do was watch that brilliant fire glow rapidly magnify in his eyes!
The faces of everyone from the Gu clan changed when they saw that Xiao Yan did not intend on stopping. Xiao Yan intended on delivering a killing blow!
"Ugh Xiao Yan show some mercy..."
Just when the fire lotus in Xiao Yan"s hand was...
Chapter 1337: Divine Bloodline
Everyone"s eyes in the stadium had gathered on that alluring figure an instant after Elder Tong Xuan"s voice sounded. She was the true pearl of the Gu clan.
"Xiao Yan ge-ge are you alright?"
However Xun Er completely ignored the gazes of everyone. Her pretty eyes were a little worried. She looked at Xiao Yan who had returned to his seat and softly asked.
"I"m fine. I have exhausted myself is all. Everything will be alright once I rest a while..." Xiao Yan smiled. He sensed that the gazes from the members of the Gu clan had changed when they looked at him. Clearly him defeating Gu Yao had violently shocked them.
Xun Er"s delicate hand gently wiped the trace of blood from the corner of Xiao Yan"s mouth. She did not say anything but there was a faint fury dancing within her pretty eyes. Although Xiao Yan had been victorious this time around there was danger throughout the fight. If Xiao Yan had not formed the Annihilation...
Chapter 1338: Rainbow clan Tattoo
Elder Tong Xuan"s expression was respectful as he held the rainbow dragon pen in his hand. His heart was filled with excitement. This Rainbow Heavenly God Pen had not been used by the Gu clan for a thousand years but it was going to be unsealed!
"Xun Er..."
Elder Tong Xuan held the Rainbow Heavenly God Pen in his hand as he looked at Xun Er. Xun Er nodded when she saw this and then she shut her eyes.
Elder Tong Xuan"s expression became grave when he saw Xun Er nodding. A monstrous aura surged from his body in all directions. After which the hand holding the Rainbow Heavenly God Pen tightened. His arm danced and numerous mysterious lines began to rapidly form under his palm. Following the dancing of the Rainbow Heavenly God Pen numerous rainbow-colored symbols began to appear on Xun Er"s smooth forehead with every stroke.
This rainbow was an extremely brilliant color. It was many times stronger compared to the rainbow color on the forehead of the green-clothed man. The divine grade and the ninth grade was the difference of one grade. However there was...
Chapter 1339: Meet
The expressions of quite a number of Elders changed when the rainbow light covered the hall. Their bodies involuntarily trembled. If they did not possess a great strength the pressure from the bloodline would likely cause them to kneel down like those guards...
"Xun Er..."
Some of the Elders bitterly laughed. Who else in the Gu clan other than Xun Er possessed such a bloodline pressure.
A beautiful figure slowly walked into the large hall under the eyes of many. The rainbow light spreading from her brows.
"Ugh... Xun Er hide the clan tattoo first." Elder Tong Xun helplessly sighed. He glanced at Elder Gu Shan whose expression was a little ugly as he spoke.
After hearing Elder Tong Xuan"s words the rainbow light that was being emitted from between her brows gradually weakened. She walked to the side of the meeting table. Some fury was leaping within her pretty eyes. She knew that these fellows would definitely not accept Xiao Yan. Even though he had displayed an extremely great strength these people still could not help but quietly obstruct ...
Chapter 1340: Talk
That middle-aged man involuntarily laughed when he saw Xiao Yan"s lack of expression. He asked "Are you very surprised?"
Xiao Yan gradually recovered from his shock when he heard this question. He secretly observed the middle-aged man in front of him and dryly laughed. He found that he did not know what to say. In front of this frightening person with overwhelming strength it was as though any thought that lingered within his heart would be discovered by the other party.
"Ha ha I am called Gu Yuan. Speaking of which we met when you were born. However no one knew my identity..." The middle-aged man faintly laughed.
Xiao Yan was stunned again. He had not expected that he had met this overwhelmingly powerful clan head when he had arrived in this world.
"May I know what important matter has caused this Gu clan to wait for this junior here?" Xiao Yan hesitated a moment before respectfully asking.
"It is naturally because of the matter between you and Xun Er." Gu Yuan smiled and replied.
Xiao Yan"s heart became slightly stern when he heard this. He involuntarily frowned and said "Does clan head Gu...
Chapter 1341: Opening of the Heavenly Tomb
A beautiful figure shot to the top of the green mountain with lightning speed. Within a couple of flashes she had appeared in front of Xiao Yan. Her pretty eyes were filled with worry.
"Xiao Yan ge-ge are you alright? Earlier..."
Xiao Yan grinned and shook his head. He studied Xun Er"s tense face and said "Ugh that person earlier was your father clan head Gu Yuan."
"I knew it!" Xun Er knit her brows. Her tone faintly contained some fury. It was unexpected that even her father could not resist revealing himself after those fellows had unveiled their faces one after another.
"Ha ha clan head Gu Yuan did not say anything to stop the two of us. He only discussed some matters related to the Xiao clan." Xiao Yan smiled and defended Gu Yuan.
"Is it true? He didn"t talk about the matter between us?" Xun Er was slightly startled. Clearly she felt very surprised.
Xiao Yan rubbed his nose. He suddenly approached Xun Er"s delicate ear and softly uttered a couple of sentences. Xun Er"s elegant face immediately turned bright-red when she heard...
Chapter 1342: Entering the Heavenly Tomb
The ancient spatial door stood between the sky and the earth. An ancient aura spread from it causing everyone"s soul to quiver...
"Everyone should be aware of the rules regarding entering the Heavenly Tomb. Every clan has two places. There cannot be an excess number of people entering..." Elder Tong Xuan"s elderly figure was suspended in the sky. His eyes looked down at the surrounding human figures as he spoke.
Everyone slightly nodded upon hearing his words. The rules of entering the Heavenly Tomb has always been like this. Each clan has two places. This has continued even now. However only the Gu clan being the clan that guarded the Heavenly Tomb received preferential treatment. For example there were five from the Gu clan who could enter the Heavenly Tomb this time around. This kind of preferential treatment made the other clans a little jealous.
"Xiao Yan ge-ge we will be randomly separated if we enter separately. Therefore we must enter together..." Xun Er turned her head and smiled...
Chapter 1343: Bitter Training
Fluorescent lights drifted above the foggy land. At a glance it appeared like the entire world was covered in a deadly silence. There was not even the slightest life force present...
This dead silence remained for an unknown period of time. Suddenly the low and deep sound of rushing wind appeared. A low cry was mixed within it. The sound followed the fog and penetrated through it. If one"s eyes were to follow the direction where the sound originated one would be able to see two blurry figures...
Only upon closer inspection one would discover ten illusory figures around the two people. These figures had empty eye sockets floating around. Despite the absence of eyes the speed and strength of these energy figures was not weakened even a little. A majestic energy surged when they attacked. Some of the large rocks on the ground were shattered.
"Hee attack!"
Xiao Yan involuntarily laughed as he watched the energy bodies surrounding him. After which he let out a loud cry.
Xiao Yan"s figure rushed away almost instantly after his loud cry sounded. At the same time a lovely figure also flashed and appeared from...
Chapter 1344: Hun Ya Hun Li
Two figures covered in black robes stepped through empty space. After which they slowly landed a short distance from Xun Er. The leader raised his head revealing a young pale-white face. It was Hun Ya from the Hun clan!
"Hun Ya you are really bold!"
Xun Er"s eyes were icy-cold as she stared at Hun Ya and slowly yelled at him.
"Ha ha what is there to be afraid of? Your status does not pose the slightest deterrence to me. Actually I really wish to know just what kind of uproar would occur within the Gu clan if you a clan member with the divine bloodline meet with an accident." Hun Ya laughed. His voice was filled with a dark chill.
"With your skill?" A golden flame slowly danced within Xun Er"s voice as she calmly inquired.
"I know that it would be difficult to deal with you. Therefore my target this time around is not you but him..." Hun Ya smiled. His finger suddenly pointed toward Xiao Yan who was breaking through with his eyes shut....
Chapter 1345: Advancing to Six Star
The dark-black light sphere was like a mysterious black hole that swiftly spread from Xiao Yan"s palm. Within the blink of an eye it ruthlessly collided with Hun Li who was in close proximity.
"What a frightening retaliation by this brat!"
A shocked expression flashed across Hun Li"s eyes as he watched the black hole rapidly magnify in his eyes. Given Xiao Yan"s strength it was impossible for him to block an attack by Hun Li even after waking up. However Hun Li did not expect this fellow to unhesitatingly unleash a powerful Dou Skill the moment he opened his eyes!
When the black hole made contact with Hun Li"s body his body emitted wave after wave of dense black fog Dou Qi. However it did not erode him and cause his body to disappear like old ghost Zhai Xing. Clearly the strength of Hun Li had far exceeded old ghost Zhai Xing.
"Hmph!"
Xiao Yan"s eyes turned cold when he sensed the light sphere met some resistance. Dou Qi began to surge from his body in all directions...
Chapter 1346: Pursue and Escape
An unusually powerful energy pressure radiates from the enormous energy curtain when one approached it...
"What a powerful energy pressure. If one does not possess sufficient strength one would turn into dust when passing through this layer of light..." Xiao Yan paused outside of the energy curtain. His hand gently penetrated it and sensed the pressure. Finally he cried out with some surprise.
"Aye normally speaking anyone whose strength is below a five star Dou Zun would not be able to enter." Xun Er smiled as she replied. "Even the weakest energy body in the second level will possess the strength of a five star Dou Zun. Those who cannot reach this strength will be delivering themselves to death even if they can enter."
"Just the entrance to the second level requires the strength of a five star Dou Zun. Would the entry to the third level not require a seventh or eighth star strength?" Xiao Yan frowned and asked.
"This is more or less the case." Xun Er covered her mouth and softly laughed. "This energy pressure...
Chapter 1347: Nine Star Energy Body
A rich energy fog continuously seeped from the ground of this desolate quiet large land covering this endless land...
Two figures slowly appeared at a certain spot within the vast land. Their eyes swept the somewhat messy ground around them. Their brows twitched slightly after briefly sensing the area.
"A trace of an eight star energy body... It looks like Hun Ya and Hun Li killed it. Looks like Hun Li has completely recovered. Otherwise they would not be able to finish it off with such speed." Xiao Yan grabbed some soil rubbed it and spoke in a faint voice.
"These ten plus days have been enough to allow that fellow to recover from his injuries. However it is not possible to heal his broken arm. His fighting strength will be greatly reduced as a result..." Xun Er"s pretty eyes contained a trace of caution as they swept around her. She softly said "If we count the days we should be approaching the entrance to the third level..."
"Aye those two fellows have fled for over ten days like dogs who have lost hope....
Chapter 1348: Purple Sky Demon Puppet
"Leave quickly!"
Hun Ya"s expression changed the moment Xiao Yan"s body turned into nothing. A cry sounded and his body immediately turned around without any hesitation and tried to rush into the distance. The dark-and-gloomy-faced Hun Li quickly followed behind. The ambush that the two of them had put in a lot of effort to place not only failed but they had landed within a trap set by Xiao Yan"s duo.
"Since you have come why are you in such a hurry to leave?"
However the two of them had just turned around when a figure slowly appeared behind them. Looking at that smiling face who else could it be other than Xiao Yan.
"Get lost!"
Hun Ya"s expression sank when he saw Xiao Yan blocking him. He shook his sleeve and a thick dark-black chain shot out like a poisonous snake. It emitted the sound of whistling wind as it shot directly toward Xiao Yan"s head.
Xiao Yan smiled when he saw Hun Ya attack. His foot stomped on empty air and the ground suddenly exploded. A ten-foot-large lava pillar shot toward the sky...
Chapter 1349: Big Storm
The Sky Demon Puppet stood in front of Xiao Yan. Its body was a deep-purple color. One could vaguely see a golden light flowing beneath this deep-purple color. This Sky Demon Puppet was the one that Xiao Yan had personally refined. Before it had been refined within the lightning pool of the empty realm this Sky Demon Puppet was around the strength of a four star Dou Zun. Subsequently it had been strengthened to its limit within the empty realm lightning pool. Based on Xiao Yan"s estimations this Sky Demon Puppet"s strength was comparable to a six star Dou Zun and now it had absorbed the strength of ten other Sky Demon Puppets that had reached the Dou Zun class through a formation. Its strength had undoubtedly surpassed Xiao Yan...
"Soul Shattering Dark Palm!"
A dense black fog filled with cold air surged over from a short distance away. Black clouds began to churn as a sharp cry was suddenly emitted. Soon after a small-mountain-sized black handprint rushed from the cloud and ruthlessly smashed toward Xiao...
Chapter 1350: Gather
The dead quiet land was filled with the sound of a rumbling storm. The energy storm that spread across the ground swept over from a great distance. Even the space where it passed began to crumble. Its black mass was extremely terrifying.
"What is that?" Xiao Yan followed close behind Xun Er. He sensed the frightening pressure that was being transmitted from far behind him before he asked in a somewhat solemn manner.
"The Heavenly Tomb"s Energy Storm a kind of natural disaster here. Its strength is extremely frightening. Even someone at the peak of the Dou Zun class will end up dying if he is forcefully swept into it. When the experts from the few clans entered the Heavenly Tomb past some of the unlucky individuals would meet this energy storm and get swept into it." Xun Er softly replied. "It is unexpected that we are this unlucky this time around. We have actually met this thing. Normally speaking an energy storm will only erupt once every few years...
"In any case let"s run first. The area affected by the energy storm is extremely vast....
Chapter 1351: Ancient Devouring Insect
Gu Qing Yang smiled after seeing everyone nod their heads. He glanced at the energy storm in the distance and said "Since there are no objections let us all begin. This is my suggestion so we shall be the first to act. Everyone will take turns later on. Of course do not blame me for speaking bluntly. If anyone wishes to be lazy or have any ill thoughts do not blame me for being rude..."
His eyes swept over everyone when he spoke. They finally paused on Hun Ya and Hun Li but his smiling face seemed indifferent.
"General Qing Yang can rest assured. Everyone is now in the same boat. Whoever intends to sink this boat will not be let off by the others." A man with a lightning symbol on his forehead opened his mouth to speak. He was a member of the Lei clan one of the eight ancient clans.
"Ha ha thank you very much..." Gu Qing Yang laughed. After which he turned his head to Gu Zhen and the two others. "Let"s act first. Xiao Yan and Xun Er you will be the last."
Xiao Yan slightly nodded...
Chapter 1352: Collecting Remuneration
"Ancient Devouring Insects?"
Xiao Yan was startled when he heard the mutterings of Gu Qing Yang"s group.
"This is a small Magical Beast that lived during ancient times. Their bodies are extremely tiny but they are endless in number. The ancient Devouring Insects as their name suggests are able to devour everything. After which they secrete pure energy. Originally this kind of thing should have gone extinct. It is unexpected that we have found them here..." Xun Er softly explained.
"This light curtain should have been created by these Ancient Devouring Insects... unexpectedly we have barged into their nest. If they awaken not even dregs would remain of us." Gu Qing Yang"s expression was a little grave as he spoke. Finding these Ancient Devouring Insects had completely exceeded his expectation.
"It is likely not just this light curtain. It might be possible that quite a bit of energy within this Heavenly Tomb has been created by them..." Gu Zhen lowered his body touched the ground and slowly wondered aloud.
"Gu Qing Yang are you planning on getting...
Chapter 1353: Opening the Crystal Wall
The smile on Xiao Yan"s face was slowly withdrawn after storing the many energy cores into his Storage Ring. His eyes were grave as he looked at the crystal wall in front of him. At this moment one could see some wiggling insect figures embedded in the crystal wall. Wave after wave of liquid energy continued to seep out of the wall. After which it solidified and adhered to the crystal wall...
"You two I shall leave the sides to the both of you..." Xiao Yan turned his head and spoke to Huo Zhi and Yao Xing Ji.
Huo Zhi nodded when she heard his words. On the other hand Yao Xing Ji merely glanced at Xiao Yan. Although he did not say anything it was obvious that he was a little displeased in his heart that Xiao Yan was issuing orders.
"Chi!"
Yao Xing Ji withdrew his eyes. He moved his hands and a cluster of pale-black flames surfaced above his palm. A strange wind sound vaguely whistled when the flame materialized. One would feel an unusual irritation when this wind sound was transmitted into one"s ears. It was as though this kind of unusual sound could stir one"s emotions.
"This is..."
All the eyes present slide over when they saw the...
Chapter 1354: Third Level
Xiao Yan"s eyes swept over the thing that appeared like an insect before swiftly withdrawing them. The current him did not have much time to waste!
"The crystal wall here seems to be exceptionally hard. Even its color is even denser than what we have seen before..."
Xiao Yan"s eyes revealed an expression of deep thought. He immediately inhaled a deep breath of air. After taking a step forward his body merged with the fire dragon. He swung his right fist and a hot whistle buzzed within the tunnel in an ear-piercing manner.
"Bang!"
Xiao Yan"s right fist swiftly merged with the fire dragon. After which it was suddenly thrown forward and ruthlessly smashed into the emerald wall. A low and deep explosion suddenly resounded as intense rippling forces began to swiftly spread from Xiao Yan"s fist causing the tunnel to shake...
"Crack!"
A tiny crack line began to explode in the crystal wall in front of everyone"s anxious eyes. This crack line began to rapidly spread. Finally it emitted a "bang" in front of everyone"s joyous eyes and...
Chapter 1355: Ban Sheng Energy Body
A faint energy fog slowly drifted with the breeze above a desolate grayish-brown land. The hazy world caused one to feel an additional mysteriousness. It appeared that even the concept of time was lost to this quiet world.
A couple of figures were seated around a bonfire at a certain spot within this land. The flame lit up the faces of the few of them. They were Xiao Yan and Xun Er"s group. However they appeared to be even closer at this moment than in the past.
"If I have guessed correctly we should be reaching the deepest parts of the third region. If we are still going to travel tomorrow all of us should be a little more careful. The deepest parts of the third level are the most dangerous place within the Heavenly Tomb." Gu Qing Yang lifted his head glanced at the dim region around them and spoke with a smile.
"We have not meet anyone else during these three months. It looks like they have found spots to quietly train..." Xun Er softly commented.
Xiao Yan slowly nodded. Three months had passed since they had...
Chapter 1356: Saint Xue Dao
Gu Qing Yang"s group nodded as they watched the figure slowly stand on the large stone mountain. They slowly walked out of the shadows...
"Looks like there will be an intense battle this time around..." Gu Hua bitterly smiled. Fighting with an elite Ban Sheng was quite a crazy thing to do from their point of view. Although the elite Ban Sheng in front of them was merely an energy body it still possessed the fighting knowledge and Dou Skills from when it was alive. They might have the advantage of numbers but it was really difficult to say just who would end up winning.
"Creak." Gu Xing"s large fist was slowly clenched. A creak sound continued to be emitted. At this moment his somewhat simple and honest face was covered with a seriousness. A powerful but calm majestic aura surged out of his body.
"Everyone should be careful... the opponent this time around is not ordinary." Gu Qing Yang softly sighed.
"Intruders all of you should be aware of the consequences the moment you step into this place..."
That...
Chapter 1357: Two Dou Sheng
"You are a member of the Xiao clan?"
The scimitar that contained a dense bloody scent suddenly came to a stop half a foot above Xiao Yan"s head. Saint Xue Dao"s eyes were frightened as he stared at Xiao Yan"s forehead. His voice actually contained some fear.
The Great Heaven Creation Palm which was swiftly gathering in Xiao Yan"s palm also paused because of the strange actions of Saint Xue Dao. Xiao Yan frowned and his toes pressed on the ground as his body swiftly withdrew. He demanded "How do you know?"
Saint Xue Dao"s eyes stared intently at Xiao Yan"s brows. The partially visible clan tattoo that had surfaced at that spot earlier had completely vanished. However his heart clearly understood that this clan tattoo was definitely familiar to him because this clan tattoo appeared as frightening as the devil in his distant memory.
"Didn"t all the members of the Xiao clan die..."
Saint Xue Dao muttered. His eyes involuntarily swept to the deepest part of the Heavenly Tomb when he uttered these...
Chapter 1358: Appear
As Xiao Yan"s group"s expressions changed Hun Ya"s eyes became even darker and colder. He strangely laughed "Do you feel that everything has changed? This relationship between the hunter and the hunted seems to have begun to change."
Xiao Yan"s group ignored his strange mockery. Their eyes were staring at the two gray-clothed old men in front of Hun Ya. Although the bodies of these two people were no different from an ordinary person their eyes were filled with an emotionless indifference. Xiao Yan"s group could still sense that these two old fellows were energy bodies...
"Just where did these two bastards find Dou Sheng energy bodies? Why would such an expert help them?" Gu Hua frowned and softly cursed.
Gu Zhen stared at the two elders. A moment later he shook his head as he said "Because these two people are members of the Hun clan. Although they have already died their spirits remained because of the Heavenly Tomb. It looks like these two fellows have come prepared..."
Gu Qing Yang slowly nodded. He voiced his thoughts "Let"s separate and...
Chapter 1359: Xiao Xuan!
"Xiao Xuan?"
Xiao Yan"s body suddenly trembled when he heard the exclamations of the Hun Diao duo. The blood flowing within his body suddenly fluctuated in a strange manner. This ripple was extremely familiar.
The empty space in front of Xiao Yan"s group formed some ripples in front of everyone"s eyes as a figure in pale-green clothes quietly appeared. The appearance of this figure did not attract any unnatural phenomenon but it appeared as though everyone present could not endure a punch or a kick from this person.
"Hun clan... what a hateful bloodline."
The figure appeared and raised his head revealing a face that did not appear very handsome but it caused one to feel that there was something unique. His black hair reached his shoulders and a pair of ink-like eyes were as deep as black holes with an unusual wisdom. It was filled with a charm that caused one to feel intoxicated.
"Xiao Xuan!"
The Huo Diao duo"s eyes were staring at the unusually familiar face as shock and horror...
Chapter 1360: Bloodline Inheritance
Xiao Yan"s group followed Xiao Xuan to the deepest region of the Heavenly Tomb before they gradually came to a stop. Their surroundings were as black as ink because there was almost no light. One appeared to be standing in the empty realm as a kind of lost panicked feeling rose within one"s heart.
"This is the deepest part of the Heavenly Tomb..."
Xiao Xuan smiled as he spoke. He pointed to an ancient stone tablet in front. This tablet stood in this dark-black region in a lonely manner. It was quiet and lonely appearing as though it had existed for a long time. "This is my tomb..."
Xiao Yan"s eyes followed the direction Xiao Xuan had indicated and saw an ancient stone tablet. Even though a countless number of years had passed the stone tablet still emitted an aura that could not be described. This kind of aura was not intense but it caused one"s soul to feel a flutter that could not be stopped.
"The four of you should train outside the stone tablet. This place is where the energy in the Heavenly Tomb is the most dense. Other energy...
Chapter 1361: Changing Blood
The clear pond water became blood-red following the pouring in of the blood light. In the end a dense wave of the smell of blood drifted out. An extremely frightening energy also slowly formed...
Xiao Yan who was standing beside the pond water sensed the terrifying strength within. Not only did he not feel any discomfort but the blood within his body had begun to rapidly rotate at this moment. He appeared to sense an extremely great desire from it.
"This is the Xiao clan"s bloodline strength huh..."
Xiao Yan clenched his hands. This kind of strength should have left the Xiao clan. It is unexpected that he was still able to sense it at this moment.
"Xiao Yan enter the blood pool and inherit the last bloodline strength of the Xiao clan..."
Xiao Xuan in the pool who had turned into a white-haired old man smiled. His current voice had become extremely hoarse and elderly. However this elderly feeling vaguely contained a faint...
Chapter 1362: Blood Fusion
"Dragon Phoenix bloodline strength?"
Xun Er was also startled when she heard Xiao Xuan"s stunned voice. She asked somewhat uncertainly "What is this thing?"
Dragon Phoenixes had rarely appeared on the Dou Qi continent"s history. Hence even though Xun Er was a member of the Gu clan she was still extremely unfamiliar with this term.
Xiao Xuan also revealed a surprised expression in his eyes as he studied Xiao Yan in the blood pool. It was difficult for him to imagine that there was still such a thing hidden within Xiao Yan"s body. It should be known that a legendary existence like the Dragon Phoenix was something that even he had never personally seen.
"A Dragon Pheonix is a mysterious creature that possesses the bloodline of the Ancient Void Dragon and the Ancient Heavenly Phoenix. This is the true supreme creature of the Magical Beast world. However they have only appeared a few times. Even I have never personally seen such an existence." Xiao Xuan slowly explained.
"A mysterious creature that possesses both the bloodline...
Chapter 1363: One And A Half Years
A purple-red blood slowly flowed out of the sphere and gathered together. A moment later a thumb-sized purple-red crystal quietly appeared. After which it quickly moved before transforming into a purple-red light that ruthlessly shot into Xiao Yan"s heart.
Xiao Yan"s body violently trembled when that purple-red crystal shot into his heart. Fortunately that crystal ended up merging with his heart in a mysterious way. Once it merged with his heart threads of purple-red light were emitted causing his heart to beat with greater strength...
"Bang!"
The blood pool in the outside world suddenly exploded the moment the purple-red crystal shot into Xiao Yan"s heart. A blood fog scattered in all directions spreading over a large portion of the hall...
Xun Er was seated beside the blood pool. The blood fog that drifted over automatically disappeared when it was five feet away from her but her eyes did not move because of this. They continued to stare...
Chapter 1364: Peak of an Eight Star Dou Zun!
Xiao Xuan and Xun Er"s eyes were focused on Xiao Yan as they stood outside of the blood pool. Their faces were filled with a seriousness and a nervousness.
"Xiao Yan you must not lose your rational thoughts..."
Xiao Xuan tightly clenched his hands. His mouth continued to softly mutter words.
"Bang!"
While Xiao Xuan continued to mutter a strange muffled sound was suddenly emitted from Xiao Yan"s body. The two watched Xiao Yan"s face become an extreme purple-red color and his soaring aura began to rapidly revert.
"Hu..."
Xiao Xuan and Xun Er heaved a sigh of relief when they sensed Xiao Yan"s aura rapidly weaken. Fortunately Xiao Yan had maintained his calm in the face of great temptation.
Xiao Yan"s aura quickly diminished. Within a couple of minutes it had weakened from the peak of the ninth star to around the sixth star. However this was not something that the previous six star Xiao Yan could compare with. Both were similar levels but there was a significant...
Chapter 1365: Activating the Clan Tattoo
Xiao Yan"s eyes were fiery hot as he received the scroll full of fire symbols from Xiao Xuan"s hand. He hesitated for a moment before suddenly asking "Ancestor since the Skyfire Three Mysterious Change was created by you you should have also been in possession of a Heavenly Flame back then right?"
Xiao Xuan smiled and nodded when he heard this question. He sighed "Back then I too possessed three types of Heavenly Flames. However I blew up the three types of Heavenly Flames after that final battle..."
Xiao Yan"s eyelids involuntarily twitched when he heard this. His heart contained a shock that he could not hide. Xiao Xuan was actually forced to the point of exploding the three types of Heavenly Flames. One could imagine just how dangerous that situation was... however the thing that caused Xiao Yan to feel somewhat uncertain was how Xiao Xuan could control three types of Heavenly Flames given that it was unlikely that he had practiced a Qi Method...
Chapter 1366: The Final Training
"There are still around five days left before three years is up... this Heavenly Tomb trip will come to an end." Xun Er by the side smiled and spoke as she studied the expression of contemplation on Xiao Yan"s face.
Xiao Yan could not resist sighing softly when he heard this. He did not expect three years to pass in the blink of an eye. Although only half a year had passed in the outside world they had trained bitterly for three years...
Although the training was bitter and dull it was fortunate that its effects were unexpectedly good. Xiao Yan had only just advanced to a six star Dou Zun after entering the Heavenly Tomb back then. However he had reached the peak of an eight star Dou Zun. Adding his many techniques and the clan tattoo he would be able to fight even a nine star elite Dou Zun. The three years had allowed Xiao Yan to experience a drastic transformation.
"Ha ha it is also time to leave. Time really flies..."
Xiao Xuan by the side also laughed. His voice contained a faint sadness. The Heavenly...
Chapter 1367: Kill
"Xiao Yan?"
Hun Ya"s and Hun Li"s expressions slowly darkened when they saw the two figures steadily walk out of the void.
Xiao Yan gently stretched his body. He and Xun Er were suspended in the air. His eyes were looking at the Hun duo below in a slightly teasing manner as he said "It has been two years since we last met. Looks like the both of you have not been doing very well."
Hun Ya"s expression was gloomy. His eyes suddenly swept around him but his heart quietly sighed in relief after failing to find that mysterious expert from back then. He coldly laughed "Xiao Yan you should not be overly arrogant. Even if I cannot get rid of you in the Heavenly Tomb you will sooner or later be a homeless stray once we leave this place."
"Since that is the case... I should get the both of you to remain here forever. I think that given the strength of the both of you you should be able to become eight star energy bodies right?" Xiao Yan faintly smiled. However his words caused a chill to rise within Hun Ya and Hun Li"s bodies....
Chapter 1368: Leaving the Heavenly Tomb
The space within a silent ancient hall fluctuated slightly. A man and a woman slowly appeared before landing in the hall. They were Xiao Yan and Xun Er who had killed Hun Li and Hun Ya.
The fight this time around was truly a quick one. Xiao Yan had gone all out during both of his attacks. He had used a swift and ferocious tactic to kill Hun Li followed by Hun Ya!
Hun Ya"s duo were eight star Dou Zuns. If they were to join hands it was likely that even an ordinary nine star Dou Zun would have difficulty finishing off the both of them. However these two had been caught off-guard leaving them at a disadvantage. One of them was immediately killed by Xiao Yan. Otherwise if the two of them truly risked everything Xiao Yan would have needed to spend a ton of effort to deal with them.
Xiao Yan and Xun Er stayed a couple of days outside after killing Hun Ya and Hun Li. Only then did they return to this ancient hall.
"You have returned...
Xiao Yan and Xun Er had just appeared in the large hall when Xiao Xuan"s figure gradually appeared in front of them. He did not inquire about the trip"s...
Chapter 1369: Hun Lin
A man and a woman"s tall figures slowly stepped out of the empty space in front of a countless number of eyes. After which they steadily stood in the sky. A gentle breeze blew over and their clothes gently danced. They were just like a pair of immortal lovers...
"Xun Er..."
Elder Tong Xuan and the others studied the green-clothed woman in the sky before sighing in relief. Xun Er was undoubtedly the most important person within the Gu clan. If any accident were to happen to her they would end up with a great lose that could not be filled.
"That is Xiao Yan huh... this aura..."
Elder Tong Xuan"s eyes paused on Xun Er before suddenly turning to the black-haired young man beside her. After which his eyes hardened a little and a surprise appeared within them. With his eyesight he could naturally sense that Xiao Yan"s aura had reached that of an eight star Dou Zun. This was many times stronger than half a year ago!
"His strength has increased by three stars... what frightening speed."
Some Elders faced each other. There was a...
Chapter 1370: Revealing One"s Hands
Elder Tong Xuan"s body moved as he watched Hun Lin"s two-man team grow distant. He appeared in front of Xun Er and asked "Xun Er are you alright?"
Xun Er shook her head. Xiao Yan beside her hesitated for a moment before cupping his hands together and asking "Elder Tong Xuan may I know where the Little Fairy Doctor"s group is now?"
"They left three months after you entered the Heavenly Tomb. It is likely that they returned to the Falling Star Pavilion. However they did not explain what happened. All they said is to inform you to swiftly return to the Falling Star Pavilion once you come out." Eler Xuan Tong thought for a moment before replying.
Xiao Yan frowned when he heard this. He immediately nodded and hesitated for a moment. Finally he faced Xun Er and said "It seems that something has indeed happened. This time around I will not remain in the Gu clan for long. Are you leaving with me this time?"
Xun Er hesitated for a moment when she heard this. She was just about to nod her head when Elder Tong...
Chapter 1371: Leaving the Gu Realm
Gu Yuan studied the somewhat embarrassed face of Xiao Yan from within the bamboo forest before glancing at the quiet bamboo house. All he could do was sigh. Even though he was Xun Er"s father it was the first time that he had seen Xun Er be this intimate with a man.
"You should have met Xiao Xuan right?" Gu Yan faintly asked. He stepped into the moonlight and slowly walked toward the embarrassed Xiao Yan.
Xiao Yan was a little startled. He hesitated for a moment before replying "Yes I"ve met him..."
"I am able to sense the bloodline strength within your body. It is likely that it should be the last bloodline of the Xiao clan..." Gu Yuan clicked his tongue and sighed. "It is indeed not easy for Xiao Xuan to do such a thing. He is willing to turn himself into that in order to help the Xiao clan retain its final seed..."
Xiao Yan was silent. He naturally understood that the Heavenly Tomb was an enormous prison. As energy bodies Xiao Xuan and the others were just prisoners within it. Although they were able...
Chapter 1372: A Completely New Falling Star Pavilion
An unusually clear lake sparkled in the middle of the Gu Sacred City. The sunlight scattered into many glaring rays...
"Chi!"
An intense ripple suddenly stirred on the calm lake"s surface as an enormous spatial crack slowly tore through the air. Many human figures swiftly rushed out of it after it appeared. Finally they landed on the ground and in an instant the somewhat quiet city had become lively again.
Xiao Yan hurried out of the spatial door and finally appeared on a building. His eyes swept around. Without waiting for the members of the Gu clan to come and receive him he moved and flew toward the city gate of Gu Sacred City. The experts from the Gu clan acted as though they did not see him. None of them stopped him allowing him to hurry to the city"s gate before finally disappearing from their sight.
XIao Yan smoothly rushed out of Gu Sacred City. Only then did he stop in the air and look at the greenery that spread to the horizon....
Chapter 1373: The Turbulence of the North-western Continent
Yao Lao slowly nodded when he saw the sudden change in Xiao Yan"s expression. He said "Rather it should be said that the entire north-western region of the continent is in trouble..."
"What happened?"
Xiao Yan knit his eyebrows. The north-western continent did not have as many experts as the Central Plains. There might be an uncountable number of sects and empires but all of them were ultimately in dispute with each other. Although some strong factions intended to dominate everyone they were ultimately unable to achieve their aim. Moreover the so-called strong factions in the north-western region of the continent would only be tier one factions in the Central Plains. They would not be any stronger than the four pavilion factions. Hence some of the factions and experts within the Central Plains did not place much importance on the any other region.
"Originally the north-western continent was not in turmoil but a year ago a faction known as the Profound Lion Sect suddenly began to engage in a large scale war. No one was a match for the experts...
Chapter 1374: Accepting Disciple You Quan
Xiao Yan"s subsequent days after returning to the Falling Star Pavilion had become a lot more relaxing. He stayed in the Falling Star Pavilion all day and would occasionally appear to give advice to the disciples of the Falling Star Pavilion. Forget about the ordinary disciples. With his current strength and reputation it was likely that the experience of even some Guest Elders in the Falling Star Pavilion might not be able to compare to him.
Three days slowly passed amid this feeling of leisure. The wormhole that Yao Lao was building gradually neared completion...
"Hah!"
Many Falling Star Pavilion disciples were gathered in a spacious training ground in the star realm. They were undertaking training and sparring that they had to perform daily. However most of the eyes in the training ground were gathered on the middle of the training ground. A young man in black robes was pointing out the inadequacies of some disciples when they unleashed their Dou Skills. His...
Chapter 1375: Inviting Helpers
As Xiao Yan hurried to the back mountain in the star realm a hundred-foot-large dark-black hole slowly appeared on a stone platform atop a mountain. A wild and violent spatial force was erupting from within and swiftly spreading apart...
"Teacher have you succeeded?"
Xiao Yan"s body moved and he appeared a short distance away from the wormhole. He studied the elderly figure and joyously inquired.
"Aye..." Yao Lao smiled and nodded. He immediately turned around looked at Xiao Yan and asked "Have you met that little girl?"
Xiao Yan naturally understood that Yao Lao was referring to You Quan by "that little girl." He bitterly smiled and nodded. He said "I have met her. Her talent is indeed extremely outstanding. If she is properly groomed her achievements are bound to be extraordinary..."
"Have you accepted her as a disciple?" Yao Lao softly laughed. His eyes were usually very picky. There were very few people who could catch his eye. This pickiness was enough to show just how...
Chapter 1376: Mysterious Yellow Fortress
A sandstorm blew over the endless red plains and cliffs. The crimson sun hung low in the distant sky and a faint red light added a layer of pale-red yarn over the ground which vaguely had a blood color spreading over it.
"Sizzle!"
Few people were present on the red plains and cliffs. Only a wild wind continued to whistle and blow. At a certain moment an intense spatial ripple suddenly materialized and a hundred-foot-large spatial black hole slowly appeared...
Waves of undulations rose the moment the spatial black hole appeared. Immediately many figures stepped into the air before slowly walking away. They finally landed on the ground.
There were around thirty people in this group and all of them appeared inconspicuous. However if someone with truly sharp senses approached that person would be shocked to detect the vague but frightening pressure that was spreading from them.
"Is this the north-western part of the continent?"
An elder with a red glow to his face swept his eyes around in surprise when he landed on the ground. After which he turned his head to a black-clothed man in the crowd. From the black-clothed man"s...
Chapter 1377: Little Xiao Xiao
The rushing sound of wind was suddenly transmitted across an endless serene blue sky. Immediately dozens of black figures arrived from the distance. Within a couple of blinks they stepped through the air and appeared on a green mountain.
"Junior pavilion chief the area in front of us is the territory of the Yan Alliance. Based on our speed we should be able to reach the Mysterious Yellow Sky Stream by evening..." A white-robed elder swept his eyes around after landing on the mountain. He spoke to Xiao Yan beside him with a respectful tone.
Xiao Yan slightly nodded. His eyes swept over his group and involuntarily smiled. This powerful lineup might not be extremely powerful within the Central Plains. However in this north-western region of the continent even the stomping of their feet would cause the earth to shake.
"According to the latest news adding up the experts of the Profound Lion Sect the Hall of Souls and some others who have been coerced they have around thirty or so individuals who have reached the Dou Zun class. On the...
Chapter 1378: Big Battle Begins
A cold expression flashed across Cai Lin"s long narrow eyes when she heard the overbearing laughter that echoed across the sky. She gently took a step forward and glanced at the many figures in the distant sky. Her calm voice did not quiver even a little because of the current situation.
Having managed the Yan Alliance for many years she who was already the queen of the Snake-people tribe would not feel even the slightest fear in such a situation!
"The Yan Alliance only has warriors who die in battle and no deserters who surrender..."
The golden-haired middle-aged man stood proudly in the sky. His large golden blade reflected a dense luster. He was not irritated when he heard Cai Lin"s words. Instead he loudly laughed. That heat within his eyes became even more intense. A woman with strong character was more suitable to his taste. Who in the north-western region was not aware of the cold and beautiful Cai Lin of the Yan Alliance? If he was able to capture her in this battle and keep her as his...
Chapter 1379: Miserable
"Charge!"
A ferocious smile formed on Shi Tian"s face as he watched the energy barrier shatter from the sky. He waved his hand down and coldly cried out.
After Shi Tian"s cry sounded the many Dou Wangs and Dou Huangs who had been blocked outside charged forward with a ferocious roar. They charged toward the walls like a storm!
"Charge!"
Cai Lin suddenly grabbed the longsword on her waist as she watched the human figures charging over with a surging desire to slaughter. A vast and mighty Dou Qi erupted from her body. She swung her sword forward and a thousand-foot-large sword glow hacked dozens of Dou Huangs into two. At the same time an icy-cold cry was emitted from her mouth.
"Bang!"
Numerous figures on the wall rose the moment Cai Lin"s cold cry sounded. They violently collided with the army of strong individuals from the Profound Lion Sect and the sounds of battle resonated around the sky.
"Little Fairy Doctor I will leave Xiao Xiao to you! Guard her well!"
Cai Lin"s pretty eyes turned to the Little Fairy Doctor by her side. She softly gave an order after taking in the situation of the battle which had become extremely intense...
Chapter 1380: Killing With One Palm Strike!
"Xiao Yan?"
"Third brother?"
"Alliance chief?"
Many people quickly became stunned when they saw the black-clothed young man suddenly appear on the wall. A moment later a wild joy abruptly surged. Many different forms of addresses suddenly reverberated over the fortress. Although the young man appeared to have matured after a couple of years his extremely familiar face was still recognized by many people in an instant.
Xiao Yan merely grinned when he heard these joyous exclamations. He was just about to speak when his brows were slightly lifted. A figure appeared behind him in a ghost-like fashion. A sharp palm wind ruthlessly slammed toward the Xiao Yan"s back.
"Be careful!"
The sudden sneak attack caused many people to be shocked causing many of them to hurriedly warn him.
"Bang!"
A muffled sound suddenly appeared when the cry appeared. Everyone"s faces became stunned when they saw the expert from the Profound Lion Sect who was at the Dou Zun class fly backwards without any reason. Blood was spat out of that person"s mouth. His...
Chapter 1381: Completely Different from Before
After this cold cry was made the black fog that spread over the distant sky fluctuated before scattering apart. A blue figure slowly stepped through the air. Within a couple of flashes the figure appeared a thousand feet from Xiao Yan.
"I was wondering who it was. It is actually you a homeless stray. Unexpectedly you possess the courage to return to this place... in that case I will also capture you and bring you back with the rest." The ninth Tianzun"s eyes looked at Xiao Yan in a chilly manner as he coldly laughed.
"I"m afraid that you do not possess the qualifications..."
Xiao Yan smiled. If he had met this ninth Tianzun before entering the Heavenly Tomb things might have been a little troublesome. However just Xiao Yan"s current strength was no weaker than his. If they were to exchange blows Xiao Yan was confident he could force the ninth Tianzun to remain here forever.
Xiao Yan has never feared anyone within the same level!
"What arrogant words! You really think that you can be haughty with the growth in your strength. Today I"m afraid that you won"t be able to leave this pla...
Chapter 1382: Fourth Tianzhu Xue He!
Xiao Yan was a little startled when he heard the ninth Tianzun"s sudden screech. His peripheral vision caught sight of the ground below that been dyed red with fresh blood. From the looks of it this Hall of Souls did indeed have an even stronger hidden expert who had not attacked.
"Regardless of whether there is a helper I will kill this person first!"
Xiao Yan"s eyes flickered. A ferocious glow flashed an instant later as he abruptly pushed his hand forward. The rate at which the dark-black light circle spread suddenly soared.
The ninth Tianzun was terrified when he sensed the frightening energy behind him. Dou Qi erupted from his body before he swung back but no matter how he retaliated the spreading speed of the black light did not slow by even a little...
"Fourth brother!"
It was futile regardless how the ninth Tianzun struggled. His face also became void of color as a sharp cry once again sounded.
"Bang!"
The ground violently trembled after the second scream...
Chapter 1383: Blood Devouring Skill
A cold and sinister aura swept away from the fourth Tianzun"s body like a storm. The blood of those within his aura boiled at this moment regardless of whether or not they were from the Yan Alliance or Profound Lion Sect. Immediately one could hear a "bang bang bang" sound as countless numbers of bodies exploded. A pool of bloody pulp dyed the ground until it was incomparably red.
This indiscriminate killing by the fourth Tianzun naturally shocked both parties. Those people close to the abyss hurriedly pulled back. Within a short instant the entire area had become empty.
"Bastard what are you doing? Don"t tell me that you have forgotten our agreement?"
A short distance away Shi Tian who had been seriously injured by a strike from Xiao Yan had finally caught his breath at this moment. He immediately became furious and cried out loud when he saw the fourth Tianzun began to kill people from the Profound Lion Sect"s army.
The fourth Tianzun floated over the sea of blood. His eyes were indifferent as they...
Chapter 1384: Nine Changes to turn Sheng
A solemn expression flashed across Xiao Yan"s eyes as he sensed the fourth Tianzun"s soaring aura. This person possessed some ability to form such a fierce name for himself within the Central Plains. The fourth Tianzun"s current aura had clearly surpassed that of an ordinary expert at the peak of the Dou Zun class...
Of course this did not mean that the fourth Tianzun had already reached the Ban Sheng class because such a thing was impossible. There might only be a step from the peak of the Dou Zun class to the Ban Sheng class but this step was as vast as the sky. The gap between the two was so terrifying that it was difficult to describe. This could be seen from the way Yao Lao"s strength had remained at the peak of the Dou Zun class for many years. It wasn"t until he borrowed the strength from his new body to break through. Regardless of how frightening one"s talent was trying to reach the Ban Sheng class was not an easy task...
This short step was one that countless of talented individuals hated and failed. They would...
Chapter 1385: End
A terrifying firestorm whizzed across the sky. Its frightening temperature vaporized all the moisture in the air almost instantly. A dry heat rolled through the air. Some weaker individuals felt the blood in their bodies become boiling hot...
"Bang!"
A muffled sound was suddenly emitted from within the firestorm and a figure wrapped in flames shot from the sky like a cannonball. The figure"s miserable screeches reverberated by everyone"s ears. Hearing this voice that fire figure was that pompous fourth Tianzun from the Hall of Souls. At this moment this great Tianzun was showing signs of turning into roast pork.
"Bang!"
The fourth Tianzun violently shot into the abyss filled with the blood sea in front of many pairs of eyes. A frightening temperature spread causing the sea of blood to bubble. Finally it rapidly shrank at a speed visible to the naked eye. The sea of blood completely disappeared within a short ten seconds.
The rushing sound of wind appeared in the sky as Xiao Yan"s figure appeared above the deep abyss in a ghost-like fashion. His eyes were indifferent as he stared down. The three attacks from earlier had definitely seriously injured...
Chapter 1386: Cancer
A gentleness surfaced on Cai Lin"s cold face when she saw the excitement appear in Xiao Yan"s eyes as he looked at Xiao Xiao. She valued Xiao Xiao who was even more important than her own life. Xiao Yan truly treating Xiao Xiao well was the most important thing in her heart.
"Xiao Xiao"s current condition is already very good. She was born with a good constitution because of the "Heaven Soul Blood Bone Pill" that you had sent back..." Cai Lin smiled as she explained. She involuntarily glanced at Xiao Yan again when she mentioned the pill. She had made up her mind back then. If Xiao Yan dared to forget about the medicinal pill that they had agreed or missed the date he had promised to deliver she would have no longer contacted him in the future. Her character was stubborn and she would never regret anything she decided on. If Xiao Yan broke his promise she would definitely not hesitate to act. At the very most she would lead the Snake-people tribe on a journey away.
Fortunately Xiao Yan had remembered the medicine and the delivery time in his heart. He had even asked Xiao Li to deliver the medicinal pill when he had left the Black-Corner Region.
"The Heaven...
Chapter 1387: Pill Refinement
Being the most important location for the Yan Alliance outside of the Jia Ma Empire there were naturally a large number of Pill Hall members located in the Mysterious Yellow Fortress. Moreover due to the war around eighty percent of the Pill Hall had been relocated within the branch hall in the fortress.
Quite a large commotion had occurred when Gu He had relayed the words Xiao Yan had said back to the Pill Hall. Things had been too smooth for the Pill Hall during these years. Adding the importance of the alchemists their arrogant auras had become even richer. Normally even Cai Lin did not speak to them this sternly. Although Xiao Yan was the chief of the Yan Alliance he had been missing for far too long. Some of the alchemists who subsequently joined the Yan Alliance had only heard of his existence from the mouths of others. Hence their respect for him was naturally far inferior to those from the other Halls of the Yan Alliance.
The branch hall of the Pill Hall for the Mysterious Yellow Fortress was situated to the north-west. There was an enormous region located at...
Chapter 1388: Severely Punished
A great heat radiated from the dark-red medicinal cauldron causing the temperature grow hot and the air to become dry...
Refining a tier 8 medicinal pill was extremely complicated. Nearly a hundred different types of medicinal ingredients were involved. An ordinary alchemist could forget about the refinement process. They would have their hands full just controlling these medicinal ingredients in the air. Of course this did not pose the slightest problem for Xiao Yan"s mighty ocean-like Spiritual Strength...
Numerous high grade medicinal ingredients that most alchemists present had never even heard of were thrown into the medicinal cauldron. The flame within the cauldron only needed to randomly sweep over before the pure medicinal strength in the medicinal ingredient was perfectly refined. Finally the pure energies would remain suspended in the medicinal cauldron. They were packed together while emitting a shockingly pure energy.
The First Start Pill was a medicinal pill that could attract a five-colored Pill Lightning. A medicinal pill of this grade did not pose much of a problem for the current Xiao Yan. After years of training Xiao Yan"s Spiritual Strength was much...
Chapter 1389: Resolve
Liu Chang"s group"s footsteps immediately stilled when they heard Cai Lin"s icy-cold voice. A moment later Liu Chang and Wu Zhen suddenly turned their heads. They furiously demanded "Why? Does the Yan Alliance intend to kill all of us in front of so many people?"
Xiao Yan placed his hands behind his back. His eyes indifferently studied Liu Chang"s group. Many of them were displaying their panic. A faint voice resounded beside everyone"s ears "The Yan Alliance has its own rules. This is not some loose organization. It is alright if someone wishes to withdraw from the Yan Alliance. However if one wishes to withdraw as an excuse to escape punishment after committing a crime would one not be treating the Yan Alliance like child"s play?"
"During these years the two of you have been overly arrogant causing trouble for my Pill Hall and resulting in the disunity of the Yan Alliance. This is a great crime. If it can be resolved by just quitting would it not mean that anyone who broke the rules of my Yan Alliance could just leave peacefully by quitting the Yan Alliance? In that case is it even necessary for...
Chapter 1390: Before Departure
After resolving the war with the Profound Lion Sect and the trouble within the Pill Hall Xiao Yan relaxed during the period of time that followed. The Yan Alliance might be huge but it had done well under the management of Cai Lin Xiao Ding and the others. They would naturally arrange everything after the big battle. There was no need for Xiao Yan to intervene. Thus Xiao Yan was happy to have some time for leisure. He left little Xiao Xiao alone and properly enjoyed the feeling of being a father.
During this period of time Xiao Yan also used some of his free time to open the wormhole scroll that Yao Lao had given him. The Mysterious Yellow Fortress was not far from the Jia Ma Empire and this place was an extremely important location. Hence the wormhole that lead to the Falling Star Pavilion was connected to the Mysterious Yellow Fortress. Regardless of which side faced trouble in the future one party would be able to reinforce the other with great speed.
The establishment of the wormhole would undoubtedly allow the Yan Alliance"s hidden...
Chapter 1391: Returning to the Falling Star Pavilion
The wormhole that was connected to the Falling Star Pavilion was located in the deepest part of the Yan Alliance protected by an extremely tight defense. Xiao Yan did not make this wormhole known to the public. Although the fees collected from those using the wormhole would be quite a fat sum Xiao Yan felt that it was better to keep a low profile when it came to such things. Otherwise it might stir some unnecessary trouble since there was only one wormhole that lead to the Central Plains from deep within the north-western part of the continent. It would cause many to feel jealous if word were to spread.
A dark-black wormhole was suspended in the air within an incomparably large hall. It was slowly rotating while waves of shocking spatial fluctuations were emitted from the wormhole.
"Is this a wormhole..."
The eyes of Cai Lin"s group were a little stunned and curious as they observed this wormhole. This was their first time seeing a wormhole. Such a thing was rarely seen in a place like...
Chapter 1392: Spatial Trade Fair
Once Xiao Yan had returned to the Falling Star Pavilion both he and Yao Lao undertook a retreat at the same time. While the both of them were taking their retreats Pill Lightning and other unnatural phenomenons would often appear in the sky above the Falling Star Pavilion. These frequent events caused many Falling Star Pavilion"s disciples to watch them in surprise. However these unusual phenomenons did not damage anything in the star realm. A couple of dark-golden figures would quietly charge into the thunder clouds when the Pill Lightning formed and would adsorb all the Pill Lightning as wave after wave of rumbling sounds echoed...
This kind of unusual phenomenon continued for nearly half a month before they gradually slowed.
Yao Lao and Xiao Yan slowly walked out of the stone tower on the mountain behind the Falling Star Pavilion half a month later. Their expressions were filled with fatigue. They exchanged glances with...
Chapter 1393: Eight Coloured Origin Stone
Yao Lao smiled upon seeing the stunned expressions of Xiao Yan"s trio. He waved his hand and said "Let"s enter..."
Xiao Yan and the other two nodded when they heard Yao Lao"s suggestion. Their bodies moved and they rushed toward the towering sand mountain. They had appeared in front of the spatial black hole within a couple of flashes. There were occasionally some figures rushing by when the four of them arrived. Their eyes paused on Xiao Yan"s group before taking a second glance at Cai Lin and the Little Fairy Doctor. Those who could come to this place were no fools. They were clearly aware of the type of people who would come. Hence rarely would any foolish people purposefully step forward and find trouble.
Yao Lao ignored these gazes. He stepped through empty air and walked into the spatial black hole. Xiao Yan"s group followed close behind. The three of them felt an unusual strength sweeping over them when they entered the spatial black hole. There was no ill intention to this force. Instead it seemed like it was probing...
Everything turned momentarily black in front of...
Chapter 1394: Ancient Hall
Space Town was not very large. It was only comprised of a couple of intersecting ancient streets and there were many people in this small town. Moreover all of them were extremely powerful individuals. They were all top tier experts in the outside world while they were simply common and ordinary here.
Xiao Yan and the two others followed Yao Lao as they wandered across a couple of ancient streets. They did not stop along the way because of the dazzling items on both sides. They hurried to their destination before finally stopping at the end of a street.
Their destination was on the edge of Space Town. The surroundings had become quite empty and it was no longer as noisy as before. An ancient building stood at this spot as an extremely old feeling spread from it. It was as though it had been standing there forever causing one to be afraid of slighting it.
There were two expressionless old men...
Chapter 1395: The Last Map Fragment
"Next we will begin auctioning the first object of this spatial trade fair..."
Old man Bao Shan"s hand rubbed the empty space in front of him from within his distorted spatial wall. A pair of dense-white bone wings appeared in front of everyone"s eyes. The faint sound of wind lightning was emitted from the ancient wings.
"Demon Phoenix wings?"
Xiao Yan was startled when he saw this pair of familiar bone wings. His expression immediately became a little strange. He had always heard that the Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe greatly valued the corpses and bloodline of their tribe members. Anyone who dared to take a corpse would be surrounded and attacked by the Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe. Hence he had always been afraid about revealing the Heaven Phoenix Wings on him. Unexpectedly the first item to be sold in this spatial trade fair were these wings.
"Hee looks like the Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe has met with many sneak attacks but it is expected. The Heaven Demon Phoenix"s body is full of treasures. It is not strange for someone to target them..." Xiao Yan gloated within...
Chapter 1396: Information
Old man Bao Shan smiled when he saw the completely silent hall. He was clearly aware of the allure of the Purifying Demon Lotus Flame. Hence he had left the map fragment as the second to last item before taking it out.
Many fiery hot pairs of eyes within the large hall were staring at the map fragment. Those present were not ordinary people. Even the Purifying Demon Lotus Flame was a legendary thing to them. They had only heard of it and had never truly seen it. Of course this did not hinder anyone from coveting it. Anything powerful would ultimately attract countless pairs of greedy eyes regardless of the danger involved.
Although this map fragment was not the true Purifying Demon Lotus Flame one would be able to obtain some information related to the Purifying Demon Lotus Flame by obtaining it. If they could obtain it the benefits could be described as endless.
"Ha ha the owner of this map fragment wishes to exchange it for some medicinal pills. Of course the quality of the medicinal pills must be at least a six-colored Pill Lightning. As for the quantity that will depend on everyone..."...
Chapter 1397: Ancient Wasteland Region
"Bodhisattva Ancient Tree?"
Old man Bao Shan"s words were like a bomb that caused the entire hall to abruptly turn into an uproar. Some experts were unable to control the shock in their hearts as they suddenly stood up.
The Bodhisattva Ancient Tree would enter the top three if every natural treasure across the entire Dou Qi continent were to be ranked!
The Bodhisattva Ancient Tree was also known as the Knowledge Reincarnation Tree. This tree would grow one cycle every one thousand years. It would only mature after a hundred cycles. Most things would be eroded after such a long period of time. However the Bodhisattva Ancient Tree existed outside of time. It could be considered one of the extremely ancient species of the continent...
It was rumored that the Bodhisattva Ancient Tree appeared once every thousand years and would cause a huge commotion across the continent each time it appeared. Looking back at the long history of the continent even elite Dou Shengs had died while fighting over the Bodhisattva Ancient Tree!
According to the records of some ancient books...
Chapter 1398: Three Ghost Scorpion Demon
Xiao Yan"s group"s hearts shook when they heard Yao Lao"s words. Their eyes looked to the front where a faint wind lightning sound was present. A couple of dozen seconds later three black glows suddenly rushed over from the distance!
The speed of the three black glows was extremely terrifying. Within a flash they appeared a thousand feet away. However they suddenly appeared to have sensed something when they were just about to enter the mountain where Yao Lao was located. They immediately paused and three dark cold and ruthless gazes shot over. They paused on the group on the mountain.
"Yao Chen? It is actually you!"
The three of them were stunned when they saw Yao Lao. A furious voice soon appeared.
Xiao Yan"s eyes observed the other party while these three were exclaiming. The leader was a somewhat skinny figure. His face was dark and stern and from the looks of it he was the person who had made the bid at the trade fair earlier. There was another elder and a man who appeared somewhat younger behind him. Although the last man appeared young both of his eyes...
Chapter 1399: Four And Half Coloured Angry Buddha Lotus Flame
"This brat is really mysterious. He only possesses the strength of someone at the peak of an eight star Dou Zun yet he is able to unleash such a frightening strength!"
Ren He Zi"s expression was volatile as he stared at the flames churning in Xiao Yan"s hands and a great wave rose within his heart. However this shock quickly turned into a dark ruthlessness. He suddenly threw a punch and the space in front of him emitted a crashing sound as it burst apart. A dozens-of-foot-large dark-black spatial line appeared. That spatial crack became a black ruthless poisonous snake that rushed toward Xiao Yan with lightning-like speed.
"Bang!"
An enormous spatial crack quickly spread across the sky but it was still a couple hundred feet away from Xiao Yan when a couple of colorful thunderbolts suddenly smashed down from the sky. They ruthlessly struck the spreading crack causing the spatial crack to pause momentarily before it quickly exploded a...
Chapter 1400: Obtaining the Ancient Map
A thick dust spread across the sky. The surrounding mountains vanished in the blink of an eyeab. The area within a ten-thousand-foot-radius turned into flat land. Even a large rock did not exist!
The enormous Heaven Swallowing Python shook in the distant sky. It quickly turned into an enchanting figure. With a wave of her sleeve a wild wind blew and suppressed the sand and dust permeating over air around her.
As the sand and dust fell a black-clothed skinny figure appeared within Cai Lin"s and the Little Fairy Doctor"s sight. Both ladies heaved a sigh of relief within their hearts when they saw that Xiao Yan was fine.
"Hu..."
Xiao Yan wiped the cold sweat off his forehead. This was the first time that he had unleashed an Angry Buddha Lotus Flame created from five types of flames. Its might had exceeded his expectations. Of course its exhaustion was also quite frightening. Even with his current strength his body still felt empty after unleashing this fire lotus.
Xiao Yan let out a long sigh from his mouth. He lifted his head and his eyes swept over...
Chapter 1401: Ancient Map Mystery
Yao Lao smiled when he saw Xiao Yan"s joyous expression. He naturally understood just how much effort Xiao Yan had put in to search for these map fragments.
"Let"s go the activity we created has been too much. It will likely attract the notice of some experts. Although we might not be afraid of them we will end up attracting some unnecessary trouble if others learned we have the complete ancient map in our hands." Yao Lao"s eyes swept around him before he spoke.
"Aye."
Xiao Yan nodded when he heard this and forcefully suppressed the anxious emotions in his heart. He was aware that unnecessary trouble would not be all they would face if word of this were to spread. It would still be alright if it was only a map fragment but they possessed the complete ancient map in their hands causing its temptation to soar. Everyone knew that one would be able to obtain information related to the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame with this map. Regardless of how strong the Falling Star Pavilion was it would end up in extremely great trouble because...
Chapter 1402: Purifying Demonic Lotus Saint
This unexpected change had occurred too suddenly. Even though Yao Lao was close to Xiao Yan he was unable to react in time. Hence he only came to a sudden realization after the light had shot between Xiao Yan"s brows. His expression drastically changed.
Cai Lin and the Little Fairy Doctor reacted after Yao Lao. Their pretty faces turned pale because of their shock. This ancient map was too mysterious. No one knew whether that thing was good or bad.
Being the main character involved in the sudden change Xiao Yan was startled when the unusual light shot between his brows but he immediately recovered. His eyes were shut as he controlled his Spiritual Strength and wildly scanned the spot between his brows. As he scanned it he quickly discovered that there was a cluster of fist-sized light suspended beneath his brows...
Xiao Yan was extremely certain that this light cluster was not something that belonged to him. Moreover he had never sensed the existence of this thing in the past. Clearly this thing was the mysterious object that had just shot from...
Chapter 1403: Practicing the King Kong Glass Body
Xiao Yan"s group did not continue to remain after making up their minds. They immediately moved and hurried back to the Falling Star Pavilion. After returning to the pavilion the group rested for two days. Information related to the Bodhisattva Ancient Tree began to sweep across the Central Plains with a frightening storm-like speed during these two days.
With the simple name Bodhisattva Ancient Tree the entire Central Plains had undoubtedly turned into a mess at this moment. Even the old demons who lived in seclusion had appeared because of this earth-shaking news.
Although the Ancient Wasteland Region was quite dangerous the danger merely existed because there was insufficient allure. This time around the allure of the Bodhisattva Ancient Tree was something that no one could resist. Hence this so-called forbidden ground no longer deterred anyone. The Dou Sheng class represented the peak level across the continent. A countless number of people had fought their entire lives in order to reach this legendary level. As long...
Chapter 1404: Wasteland Town
There were a cluster of quiet rooms deep within the Falling Star Pavilion. All of these rooms were built for the Elders of the Falling Star Pavilion. Only Elders had the qualification to train in these rooms since the energy there was the densest within the star realm.
Many Elders would gather in this place on an ordinary day to spar and train. It was naturally no different at this moment. Many elderly figures were standing around the empty ground outside of these quiet rooms as they chatted merrily.
"Bang!"
This kind of peaceful atmosphere did not last for long before it was suddenly broken by an intense explosion. Immediately many stunned gazes shot over. They landed on a quiet room that was a short distance away as it suddenly blasted apart. There was a golden light vaguely flickering from it.
"This is..."
Many Elders were stunned upon seeing this light.
"Bang!"
Another loud sound appeared as the tough room was forcefully blasted apart. After which a seventy-foot-tall yellow-golden giant stood up from the quiet...
Chapter 1405: Entering the Ancient Wasteland Region
A densely packed group of people gathered outside of Wasteland Town the next day. Noise mingled together and turned into a loud tide that spread into the distance.
Xiao Yan"s group stood at the back. They studied the thousand plus people gathered in front and involuntarily shook their heads in a speechless manner. It was the first time that they had seen experts gather in such a scale.
A short distance in front of this enormous group was an original forest that was filled with an ancient aura. Thousand-foot-tall trees stood like numerous giants. The trees blotted out the sun. Even the light from the sky had difficulty lighting up the forest. At a glance the deepest parts of the forest were permeated with a frightening darkness. Occasionally some ferocious beast roars were emitted from within causing one to feel a chill within one"s heart.
"These people have all been lured by the Bodhisattva Ancient Tree to the point of losing their reasoning..." Xiao Yan shook his head. The Ancient Wasteland Region was called the forbidden grounds...
Chapter 1406: Venturing Deeper
Miserable sharp screams continued to echo through the forest which was saturated by a poison fog. These screams caused the forest to appear extremely sinister.
"Swish!"
The rushing sound of wind suddenly appeared within the dense poison fog. Some light from a flame vaguely cast a shadow. The surrounding poison fog seemed to be scared when the cluster of fire appeared. The poison fog withdrew on its own accord forming a clear path.
"It seems that these poisonous worms are quite afraid of the Heavenly Flame." The Little Fairy Doctor examined the path that had formed in front of them. She spoke with a smile.
"Most poisonous worms are Yin and chilly in nature. A Heavenly Flame is a strong Yang with a natural heat. The worms are naturally afraid of it." Xiao Yan smiled. He turned his head and looked ahead.
"The Ancient Wasteland Region lives up to its reputation..." Xiao Yan softly sighed in his heart once again. This was only the outer region. He did not know what kind of obstructions he would meet once he headed deeper.
"The poison fog is gradually thinning....
Chapter 1407: Encountering Yun Yun Again
With lightning-like speed a couple of figures rushed through the air above a mountain range permeated with an ancient aura. There was also a trace of misery vaguely present.
"Teacher those fellows have definitely locked onto us..."
A pretty figure gently pressed against a tree branch. The figure rushed out as her pretty eyes glanced behind her. A worried expression filled those eyes. She turned her head and revealed a familiar pretty face. She was surprisingly Nalan Yanran.
It was likely that no one else other than Yun Yun would be addressed as teacher by Nalan Yanran. If one were to turn one"s head to the side there was a woman in a white dress beside Nalan Yanran. The woman"s dress flapped with the wind as she flew. She emitted a noble appearance that was difficult to describe. Her pristine face caused the mountains to become a lot more beautiful.
Who else could this appearance belong to other than Yun Yun who had become the chief of the Flower Sect.
"These bastards from the Profound Sky Sect actually launched a sneak attack while we were fighting with a ferocious beast...
Chapter 1408: Killing The Profound Sky Sect
"Expert may I know who you are? This is a matter between my Profound Sky Sect and the Flower Sect. Are you really intending on intervening?" Liu Cang"s eyes were dark and dense as he glared at the golden giant standing in front of Yun Yun. He inquired in a deep voice.
The Dou Qi within Liu Cang"s body was quietly circulated while he spoke. With one glance it was obvious that this person had come with ill-intent. He needed to be careful.
That seventy-foot-tall golden human figure merely laughed at Liu Cang. The figure did not even give Liu Cang a reply. The giant"s feet ruthlessly kicked Yaohua Liangjun"s corpse in front of him. That terrifying strength caused the body of Yaohua Liangjun to ruthlessly shoot toward Liu Cang like a cannonball.
"You are seeking death!"
Liu Cang"s expression became gloomy when he saw the golden figure attack. His hand grabbed at the space in front of him. Yaohua Liangjun"s corpse emitted a "bang" and exploded into clusters of bloody fogs.
"Today this chief shall see just where...
Chapter 1409: Ancient Heaven Demon Python
Yun Yun was stunned as she stared at that familiar face. A long while later she finally recovered and bitterly laughed "It is really you..."
Xiao Yan grinned. He took out a jade bottle from his Storage Ring and handed it to Yun Yun. Yun Yun understood his intention and took a pill from within it to consume. After which she handed the jade bottle to Nalan Yanran and got her to distribute the medicinal pills inside to the other elders.
"Why are all of you here?" Yun Yun"s expression was a little better after consuming the medicinal pill. Her pretty eyes swept over Cai Lin and Xiao Yan. She shifted her eyes away while asking in a seemingly random manner.
"We are coincidentally entering the Ancient Wasteland Region when we met the members of the Profound Sky Sect. After that we sensed your group..." Xiao Yan smiled and replied.
"Oh..."
Yun Yun slightly nodded. Her pretty eyes roamed for awhile before they finally paused on Cai Lin. She said "It is unexpected that I am able to meet you here..."
When Yun Yun was still in the Jia Ma Empire back then she had received Gu He"s invitation to head to the Vast Tager Desert to...
Chapter 1410: Sieging the Heaven Demon Python
An extremely steep and dangerous mountain stood on one side of the main road like a giant python. Clusters of black vapors continued to rise and covered the sky within a hundred meter radius. No ferocious beast dared to step within this territory because this place was the territory of the Ancient Heaven Demon Python!
The Ancient Heaven Demon Python was an extremely rare mutated beast. If one were to look in terms of seniority its bloodline was considered to be relatively close to that of some ancient ancestors within the snake clan but its murderous desire was too strong causing its intelligence to be far inferior to the Nine Serene Deep Ground Python tribe. Hence the Nine Serene Deep Ground Python looked down on the Ancient Heaven Demon Python. After all it was merely a killing machine that possessed great strength and did not possess any intelligence.
The blood of the Ancient Heaven Demon Python was good at tempering and refining one"s physical body. Of course Xiao Yan"s current body was relatively strong after having been refined...
Chapter 1411: Heaven Demon Blood Pool
The five-foot-large jade-green demon eye was imprinted into the huge eyes of the Ancient Heaven Demon Python. Wave after wave of a mysterious demonic force was emitted from the three rotating jade-green flowers causing the murderous intent and violence in the Heaven Demon Python"s eyes to gradually fade...
Xiao Yan sighed in relief when he saw the power of the demonic eye. Qing Lin"s Triple Jade-Green Snake Flower Pupils possessed an extremely powerful ability to control snake-formed Magical Beasts. However he was uncertain whether Qing Lin"s current strength would be able to control this Ancient Heaven Demon Python. After all its strength was equivalent to a five change peak Dou Zun.
"Hiss!"
This thought had just flashed within Xiao Yan"s heart when the eyes of the Heaven Demon Python which had gradually grown dimmer began to struggle. Its large body suddenly shook at the same time. Wave after wave of frightening black fog continued to spread from its body. It seemed to have detected Qing Lin"s intention...
Chapter 1412: Nine Star Dou Zun!
Pain!
A bone-deep intense pain!
Pain was the only thing Xiao Yan felt after leaping into the Heaven Demon Blood Pool. The interior of the pool was filled with an extremely wild and violent energy. This energy appeared to have been stirred as it struck Xiao Yan"s body from all directions like countless poisonous snakes!
The Ancient Heavenly Demon Python had thrown some unknown things into this blood pool causing it to boast some extremely strong corrosive properties. Wisps of white smoke erupted the moment the tendrils came into contact with Xiao Yan"s skin which resulted in an intense pain that drilled into one"s heart.
"Hiss..."
Xiao Yan inhaled a violent cool breath in his heart because of this intense pain. His hand seal subsequently changed and his Heavenly Flame erupted from his body. It turned into a circular flame barrier that covered him.
"I do not believe that I am unable to deal with you a mere Heaven Demon Blood Pool since I was able to finish off your creator!"
"Sizzle sizzle!"
The wild and violent...
Chapter 1413: Ancient Region Stage
A thunder-like roar turned into a sound wave and spread into the distance...
After this roar gradually disappeared that golden figure in the sky swiftly began to shrink. The figure recovered his original form. His body moved as he turned into a golden light that rushed toward everyone while he laughed.
"Junior pavilion chief congratulations."
Elder Qing Cheng congratulated him with a smile when he saw the laughing Xiao Yan head over.
"It was a lucky breakthrough."
Xiao Yan grinned and replied. He twisted his body. A feeling of being full of strength was emitted. He was much stronger compared to three days earlier. The peak of an eight star Dou Zun and the ninth star were merely a step away but there was an enormous difference between them. Based on Xiao Yan"s estimation if he were to completely unleash the King Kong Glass Body and the clan tattoo"s strength at the same time his strength would be comparable to a four or five change peak Dou Zun. Moreover if he were to include the Great Heaven Creation Palm and his other powerful Dou Skills he...
Chapter 1414: Show of Strength
The icy-cold voice that suddenly sounded on the stone stage attracted some surprised gazes. The eyes of some people began to gloat when these eyes swept over Xiao Yan and Feng Qing Er...
"Xiao Yan ge-ge?"
The group from the Gu clan sitting in a corner of the stone stage also shifted their eyes over because of Feng Qing Er"s voice. That green-clothed young lady who had been resting with her eyes shut had opened them at this moment. Her pretty eyes locked onto the skinny young man who had stepped onto the stone stage. She was momentarily startled before some joy began to surge into her eyes.
"Ha ha it looks like Xiao Yan has met with some trouble? It is unexpected that he has also formed a grudge with the Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe." A silver-robed man by the side smiled as spoke. This person was not unfamiliar. He was one of the four great generals of the Gu clan and had entered the Heavenly Tomb to train with Xiao Yan back then Gu Hua.
Xun Er bunched her eyebrows together when she heard his words. Her...
Chapter 1415: Meeting of Two Women
After Xiao Yan"s soft laughter rang out a bright golden light suddenly erupted over the square like a golden sun.
Most people hurriedly narrowed their eyes because of this glaring golden light. They were unable to see a human figure where the golden light had appeared. The golden light had already filled one"s eyes.
Although they were unable to see anything those people present on the square were not ordinary people. They were still able to sense the enormous Heaven Phoenix illusory figure in the sky with its extremely majestic energy. They then sensed it ruthlessly collide with the spot where Xiao Yan stood!
"Bang!"
The entire square violently shook the moment the collision occurred. A powerful energy rippled along the ground and formed a circular shape which suddenly spread apart. Some of the experts who were closer were forced to take a couple of steps back.
The wild and violent energy spread apart as everyone forcefully opened their eyes. Dust filled their sight and they were unable to see the exact situation.
"Arrogant brat..."
Some of the experts shook their heads when they...
Chapter 1416: Hun Yu Beast Tide
A black-clothed man was wearing a smile on his face and chatting with an expert from an unknown faction when Xiao Yan"s gaze landed on him. The man had long black hair that randomly fell behind him. It appeared quite free and unruly. His face was as pale as jade giving one a gentle feeling. The first impression that such a person gave others was extremely good. However when such a first impression came from someone from the Hall of Souls Xiao Yan felt a danger originate from deep within his heart.
This black-clothed man did not say anything when the Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe was finding trouble with Xiao Yan earlier nor did he add insult to injury. Hence Xiao Yan had not noticed him. After Xun Er had pointed out his identity the caution in Xiao Yan"s heart soared. He had made a lot of contact with the Hun clan and knew that this clan was extremely mysterious and unfathomable. All of them were extraordinary. This fellow might have a friendly appearance but it was precisely this friendliness that caused him to appear even more da...
Chapter 1417: Charging Against the Beast Tide
"Everyone the beast tide is in front. Now is the best time to attack. Since I suggested we form this alliance the most dangerous front spot will be temporarily filled by my people but once we are exhausted we will pull back and it will be someone else"s turn."
While Xiao Yan was quietly shocked because of the terrifying beast tide Hun Yu"s voice had once again appeared. Many people quietly sighed in relief when they heard that he would take the most dangerous spot.
"Would these people be so kind?"
Xiao Yan shook his head and smiled when he heard Hun Yu"s words. He understood the Hall of Souls very well. Would someone from that faction be this impartial? It was a great joke.
"Everyone prepare to attack!"
A warm smile continued to hang on Hun Yu"s face. His eyes slowly swept over the large group before pausing on Xiao Yan and Xun Er. Subsequently he abruptly turned his body and charged forward. Over ten black-robed figures quickly followed behind him. The many experts quickly followed behind Hun Yu"s group. Their Dou Qi slowly spread from...
Chapter 1418: Breakthrough!
"Swoosh!"
Xiao Yan"s group rushed through the air. Hun Yu"s group was a couple thousand feet in front of them. They had not exhausted much Dou Qi with their powerful strength. While the others became crazy after being pushed into the ferocious beasts they had rested. Thus they were prepared to break through.
Xiao Yan"s eyes swept over Hun Yu"s group in front. After which he glanced behind him. The group from the Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe was a short distance behind. The man with the colorful pupils called Jiu Feng was leading them. The many Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe experts were guarding something behind him. Xiao Yan caught sight of Feng Qing Er in this group. At this moment she had woken up. Although a red handprint remained on her face she at the very least had retained her life.
Feng Qing Er lifted her head while Xiao Yan was observing the Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe"s group. Her eyes clashed with Xiao Yan"s eyes as she grit her silver teeth. However she held back this time around and did not dare to express the hatred...
Chapter 1419: Five Ban Shengs!
"Bodhisattva Ancient Tree?"
Xun Er and the rest discovered the ancient tree in the distance while Xiao Yan was feeling stunned. Many exclamations were emitted from their mouths with some shock. This thing which only existed in legends was something that even they from the ancient clans had only been able to see in some ancient books.
"What a large tree..."
The Little Fairy Doctor muttered. Even though they were extremely far from the Bodhisattva Ancient Tree they were still able to sense just how enormous it was. Tree shadows spread and covered the ground giving it the appearance of an ancient monster that stood between the sky and the earth. An extremely old and experienced feeling radiated from it.
"The members of the Hun clan are likely already there. We should hurry up."
Xiao Yan suppressed the fiery heat within his heart. He waved his hand and took the lead to rush toward the ancient tree in the distance. Xun Er and the rest behind him could not be bothered with resting as they quickly...
Chapter 1420: Killing Ban Sheng Puppets
Everyone felt their skin become slightly numb when they saw the five figures appear in front of the Bodhisattva Ancient Tree. They would not have imagined that there were Ban Sheng class experts hidden within this Bodhisattva Ancient Tree!
"Five elite Ban Sheng\u2014there is no life in them..."
Xiao Yan inhaled a deep breath. He suppressed the shock in his heart. His eyes suddenly swept over the five figures before twitching.
"Nor are their souls present... they are merely puppets." Xun Er softly came to a conclusion. Her face was filled with a seriousness.
Puppet... one need not use one"s head to know that these elite Ban Shengs had been turned into puppets by this Bodhisattva Ancient Tree. Everyone began to feel as though they were covered in a cold sweat when they thought of what happened. Turning an elite Ban Sheng into a puppet who across the continent possessed the frightening strength to do this?
Once one reached the Ban Sheng class one would be an existence close to the peak of the world. Ban Shengs were a relatively powerful force even in the ancient clans but experts of such a level had been captured and turned into puppets. This...
Chapter 1421: Entering the Ancient Tree
"Bang!"
After being struck by so many frightening and vicious attacks the head of the Ban Sheng puppet with its many cracks immediately burst apart. Pale flesh and bones erupted from it...
"Crack crack."
After its head exploded the Ban Sheng puppet slowly stiffened with its hand in the air before an unusual ripple spread from its broken neck. The unusual ripple then turned into nothing as it quickly disappeared. With the disappearance of this energy the body of the Ban Sheng puppet suddenly became older at a rate visible to the naked eye. Finally it transformed into dust that scattered.
"Hu."
A golden light surged as Xiao Yan"s body quickly shrank. He returned to his original size in the blink of an eye. He wiped off the cold sweat on his forehead and glanced at the situation to his side. With the exception of Xiao Yan and Xun Er everyone else had sustained some injuries. Even someone as strong as Gu Qing Yang had been injured by a palm strike while he had been exchanging blows with the Ban Sheng puppet. It was fortunate that his Dou Qi was powerful; otherwise he would have sustained a serious injury.
"This thing was too difficult...
Chapter 1422: Illusion
A white glow filled Xiao Yan"s vision as he stood in a world of white light. There was not a single person beside him. Without knowing why his memories vaguely became a little chaotic.
"What happened?"
Xiao Yan frowned and muttered to himself. A moment later he suddenly lifted his head. There was a circular light ring a short distance from him. He hesitated for a moment before walking to the light ring. After which he stepped into it.
Although Xiao Yan had only taken an instant to step into the light ring it felt as though decades had passed. While he was feeling lost his body suddenly shook. Lush green grassy plains replaced the white world in front of his eyes.
"This is... Wasteland Ancient Region?"
Xiao Yan muttered in a lost manner as he stared at this enormous grassland. This place left him with a feeling familiarity even with his chaotic memory.
Xiao Yan"s body stood in the air. His eyes looked around him and noticed that the plain was empty....
Chapter 1423: Negative Emotions of a Dou Di
The black figure in the light cluster stood in front of the hundred-thousand-foot-tall Bodhisattva Ancient Tree Suddenly this figure began to attack the Bodhisattva Ancient Tree. The Bodhisattva Ancient Tree retaliated by slowly emitting wave after wave of monstrous energy. This entire sky crumbled because of this frightening exchange...
Xiao Yan was startled as he watched the battle within the light cluster. He found it hard to believe that the Bodhisattva Ancient Tree had once battled with an elite Dou Di...
The figure within the cluster of light began to speed up before halting. Then the black figure was ruthlessly struck by a destructive force that erupted from outside the area visible within the cluster of light. The black figure"s body and the entire area around it was blasted into smithereens...
"Hiss..."
Xiao Yan"s heart violently pounded as he looked at that black figure who had been blasted until nothing remained. That sudden attack from earlier had been unleashed by an elite Dou Di who was not weaker...
Chapter 1424: Three Bodhisattva Treasure
"Crack clash!"
Pure energy continuously poured into Xiao Yan"s body like floodwater causing a crackling sound to be emitted from his body. Under this crazy pouring in of energy Xiao Yan sensed the Dou Qi in his body which had been exhausted completely recover. Moreover the Dou Qi contained within his body seemed to be a little denser than it had been earlier...
"What a frightening Bodhisattva Ancient Tree..."
Xiao Yan involuntarily inhaled a breath of cool air when he sensed the change in his body. The energy within this Bodhisattva Ancient Tree was extremely pure. It did not require any refinement before transforming into Dou Qi that one could absorb. In other words this Bodhisattva Ancient Tree was like an inexhaustible Dou Qi fountain. As long as it was around one would not need to worry about exhausting one"s Dou Qi.
Of course this was not the most frightening thing. The Bodhisattva Ancient Tree also seemed to contain an obscure expansionist ability. For example the amount...
Chapter 1425: Awaken
Every pair of eyes in this life-filled space gathered on Xiao Yan who had been embraced by the ancient tree. Their eyes were relatively hot. Those who could come to this place had naturally heard of the three Bodhisattva treasures. This so-called meditation under the Bodhisattva Ancient Tree might seem very vague and undetectable but the potential that it could provide caused one to go crazy.
"How did this fellow end up gaining such an advantage first?"
Jiu Feng"s expression was gloomy. Even with his character he could not control the jealousy that filled his stomach. He would rather these great benefits be given to anyone but someone he disliked.
The warm smile which usually hung on Hun Yu"s face by the side significantly diminished while Jiu Feng"s expression was gloomy. His fingers continued to rub against each other. Clearly the emotions in his heart were not as calm as he appeared on the surface. No one would be able to remain calm if one could gain such a great potential.
"Had I known earlier...
Chapter 1426: Hundred Lives Reincarnation Nine Change Peak!
This space which was filled with life force suddenly fluctuated after the person inside the Bodhisattva Ancient tree slowly opened his eyes.
Everyone looked at the pair of dark-black eyes inside the Bodhisattva Ancient Tree. At that instant everyone seemed to see an old experienced expression that seemed to have seen through everything in the world. This kind of feeling originated from deep within that person"s soul and it was impossible to replicate.
"Xiao Yan ge-ge..."
Xun Er looked at Xiao Yan who had opened his eyes. Her pretty pupils were filled with joy.
"This person"s eyes really penetrate others..." Hun Yu"s group exchanged glances with each other. They had felt a different feeling from the rest. From their senses they felt as though their souls had been exposed to Xiao Yan when he had looked at them. This feeling was full of discomfort.
The entire place was completely quiet. Everyone"s eyes gathered on Xiao Yan who was still embraced by the Bodhisattva Ancient Tree. They had only read about those who...
Chapter 1427: Absolute Suppression
Xiao Yan turned his head slowly after hearing Jiu Feng"s furious cry that was filled with murderous intent. His cold eyes were just like a ferocious beast as they stared at Jiu Feng.
Jiu Feng suddenly felt a chill on his skin as Xiao Yan looked at him. Only then did he recover some of his coolness. His expression continued to remain quite gloomy and cold. His eyes did not give in and stared continuously at Xiao Yan while he spoke in a dense voice "We have entered the Bodhisattva Ancient Tree together and experience so many obstacles. Yet you are now planning to take all the Bodhisattva Seeds away. Aren"t you a little too unreasonable?"
Xiao Yan burst out in laughter after hearing this. He said "Unreasonable? I"m afraid that this is not what you are thinking. You should be thinking of talking with your fist right?"
Xiao Yan clearly understood in his heart that if it was not because his strength deterred Jiu Feng it was likely that the latter would have attacked and forcefully snatched those Bodhisattva Seeds. Being reasonable? This was a kind of protection that the weak sought in the...
Chapter 1428: Rupturing Space
"Bang!"
The black palm burst apart in front of everyone"s eyes and turned into nothing.
"How is this possible?"
Shock surged from Hun Yu"s heart when he saw Xiao Yan randomly scatter his "Soul Destruction Palm." He looked at the figure in front of him in disbelief. He was well aware of the strength of the Soul Destruction Palm. An ordinary nine change peak Dou Zun expert would not be able to receive it much less head-on because the palm contained a dark chilling energy that eroded one"s soul yet his powerful palm was insignificant to Xiao Yan.
"Do the members of the Hun clan only possess such tricks..."
Xiao Yan"s figure walked through the air. He looked down at Hun Yu who wore an ugly expression and laughed.
"Xiao Yan you should not be too arrogant!"
Hun Yu"s expression was a dangerous dark as he stared at Xiao Yan. His heart was filled with dissatisfaction. He clearly understood that Xiao Yan would not have been a match for him if Xiao Yan had not trained for one month within the Bodhisattva Ancient tree but none...
Chapter 1429: Second Tianzun Saint Gu You (Bones)
(TL: The Gu You mentioned is related to the word for bones and is not related to the Gu clan)
The intense distortion of space sealed this entire area. Any spatial fluctuation was unable to seep out of it...
Xiao Yan"s expression was dark and cold as he turned his head. He looked in the direction of the origin of this spatial fluctuation and saw an enormous Heaven Phoenix illusory figure roaming the sky behind Jiu Feng. The entire sky was enshrouded by this illusory Heaven Phoenix. The spatial ripple from before had come from its body...
"Looks like the next tribe head of the Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe is going to be someone else..."
Jiu Feng"s heart trembled when he saw Xiao Yan"s dark and dense gaze sweep over. Jiu Feng immediately cried out in a deep voice "Hun Yu why aren"t you acting?"
A cold smile surfaced on Hun Yu"s face when he heard Jiu Feng"s cry. He clenched his hand and a scroll appeared in his palm. Subsequently he shattered it. An intense spatial fluctuation swept out of the scroll after it was shattered. This...
Chapter 1430: Gold Emperor Incinerating Heavenly Flame
A golden Flame lingered above the ground. It appeared to have ignited the sky at this moment.
The Gold Emperor Incinerating Heavenly Flame was ranked fourth on the Heavenly Flame Ranking. It was only inferior to the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame. Although this Heavenly Flame was not as mysterious as the Purifying Demon Lotus Flame it was renowned during the ancient times. Moreover this kind of Heavenly Flame was an inheritance of the Gu clan but seldom anyone could subdue it. Hence Saint Gu You"s heart was a little shaken when he recognized this flame.
"It is indeed the Gold Emperor Incinerating Heavenly Flame..."
Xiao Yan sensed an intense fire fluctuation from the distant sky. His heart shook. He had already guessed this a long time ago but Xun Er seldomly unleashed the Gold Emperor Incinerating Heavenly Flame. Hence he had never confirmed his guess.
"It is indeed worthy of the Gu clan to be in possession of a mysterious inheritance like this Heavenly Flame..."
Xiao Yan sighed in envy within his heart. The Gold Emperor Incinerating Heavenly Flame was ranked high on...
Chapter 1431: Fighting Ban Sheng
"Relax I will not disappoint you..."
A cold smile was lifted on Xiao Yan"s face after he heard Gu You"s hoarse voice. He slowly lifted his hand. The exquisite five-colored fire lotus began to slowly rotate faster...
"Xun Er stand back..."
Xiao Yan turned his head and ordered Xun Er to move back. The destructive force from the Extermination Fire Lotus was really too frightening. Even he would not be able to endure it if he stood too close.
"Understood. Xiao Yan ge-ge be careful." Xun Er nodded. She was naturally able to sense just how frightening the fire lotus in Xiao Yan"s hand was. However she was not overly worried as her body moved and swiftly retreated.
"We should also pull further back."
Gu Qing Yang waved his hand after seeing Xun Er hurry over. His expression was grave as he led everyone to withdraw an even greater distance.
"Xiao Yan this is perhaps the first time that you have fought an elite Ban Sheng right? In that case allow the old me to tell you just how enormous and irrevocable the difference...
Chapter 1432: Forcing Gu You to Withdraw
Gu You was startled when he saw this elderly figure suddenly appear. He uttered a name in a dark and solemn voice "Yao Chen..."
"Teacher? Why are you here?"
Xiao Yan was similarly stunned because of Yao Lao"s appearance. His powerful voice was filled with a strangeness. He had yet to shatter the spatial scroll that Yao Lao had given him.
"You have stayed in the ancient region for too long and I was a little worried. Hence I found time to hurry over. Unexpectedly I have found you in this situation." Yao Lao was suspended in front of Xiao Yan. He smiled faintly before his eyes swept over Xiao Yan. A pleased expression surfaced in his eyes as he said "Your strength has increased within a few short months. You have really exceeded my expectations."
Xun Er"s group in the distance sighed in relief when they saw Yao Lao suddenly appear.
"Gu You you can be considered part of the older generation with some reputation in the Central Plains. Haven"t you been a little too shameless today?" Yao Lao"s eyes landed on Gu You as he slowly questioned.
"Hmph...
Chapter 1433: Retreat
After the matter of the Bodhisattva Ancient Tree was over Xiao Yan"s group did not continue to stay in this damn wasteland for long. They set off and spent a couple of days traveling before reaching the Falling Star Pavilion.
Xiao Yan was undoubtedly the one who had obtained the most during this trip to the Ancient Wasteland Region. Not only did he enjoy the legendary meditation beneath the Bodhisattva Ancient Tree the Bodhisattva Heart had also hid itself within his body. Of course one should not forget the eleven pure Bodhisattva Seeds remaining in his hands...
Forget about the benefits the two others things gave Xiao Yan. Just the eleven Bodhisattva Seeds alone was already an extremely rich reward. If one were to randomly take out any one of these Bodhisattva Seeds many peak Dou Zun experts" eyes would turn red with envy. They did not care about its other properties. Its ability to raise one"s chances of advancing to the Ban Sheng class was enough to cause those top experts in the eyes of ordinary people to go crazy.
Xiao...
Chapter 1434: The Change in the Hun clan
Two years was not a short amount of time but no one had expected Xiao Yan"s retreat to last this long...
Based on the expectations of Yao Lao and the others it should not be difficult for Xiao Yan to breakthrough to the Ban Sheng class since he had the Bodhisattva Heart and Bodhisattva Pill helping him. The legend about refining the Bodhisattva Heart to immediately enter the Sheng class was a little exaggerated. After all one must be given time to absorb an enormous amount of pure energy.
One could also prove just how powerful the Bodhisattva Heart was from another point of view. Although it did not allow one to enter the Sheng class immediately Xiao Yan who was already a nine change peak Dou Zun would at the very most need one year to successfully complete his retreat.
However reality did not match everyone"s expectations. Time slowly flowed by while everyone waited. Autumn replaced summer as wild grass covered the area in front the the large rock door where Xiao Yan hid. Green moss had started to cover the stone door.
The area around this door had...
Chapter 1435: Challenge Card
On the surface the Gu clan was the strongest clan among the six remaining ancient clans. No one doubted the strength they possessed.
If one were to describe the Hun clan this clan could be considered the clan with the longest history among the eight ancient clans. This clan had existed since ancient times. It was usually extremely mysterious and even the other ancient clans did not dare to say that they clearly understood its strength. Although the Hun clan did not reveal that they were the strongest during the big wars of the old anyone who carefully recall the events would discover that the Hun clan had never fallen into a disadvantage...
They were neither victorious nor defeated. From a certain point of view that was quite frightening to accomplish. Hence even the Gu clan maintained a healthy amount of fear for this mysterious ancient clan.
These two ancient clans represented the strongest factions within the Dou Qi continent. Other than these two clans not a single faction could eliminate the entire Ling clan without anyone noticing.
Hence the Gu clan and the Hun clan were undoubtedly...
Chapter 1436: Imminent War
The Falling Star Pavilion was undoubtedly at its most secure this year because today was the day mentioned on the challenge card that came from the "Profound River Alliance"!
The Falling Star Pavilion still did not know why the "Profound River Alliance" would launch a major campaign but regardless of what the case was the Falling Star Pavilion would not reveal any fear in front of others. The news that the experts from the "Profound River Alliance" would gather at the Falling Star Pavilion had already spread. Hence many people had hurried to the Falling Star Pavilion during these few days. Everyone understood that the conflicts that had been experienced over these two years had caused the "Profound River Alliance" and the Falling Star Pavilion to truly become enemies. With this sudden situation occurring after both parties had suppressed themselves for such a long time it would definitely be an extremely spectacular show. Many experts naturally did not want to miss such an interesting situation.
The Falling Star Pavilion did not take any actions to expel the people who intended to watch the show after hearing the news. Instead it...
Chapter 1437: Big Battle in the Star Realm
Old demon Tian Ming was monitoring Yao Lao"s expression. After seeing a ruthlessness surface on Yao Lao"s face he understood that the Falling Star Pavilion would not submit. The dense smile on his face quickly intensified as he said "It seems that this Falling Star Pavilion will not be able to avoid bloodshed today..."
"It"s just as well. There are many experts present. We will be able to collect some souls at the same time." Gu You laughed in a strange fashion. His tone clearly indicated that he thought little of the Falling Star Pavilion. They had two high level Ban Shengs on their side and one initial level Ban Sheng. This strength was clearly not something the Falling Star Pavilion could compare with. Today they had arrived with the intention of killing. The Falling Star Pavilion would definitely be eliminated from the Central Plains forever.
Yao Lao"s expression was gloomy as he stared at Gu You"s group. He spoke in a deep voice "Leave Gu You and old demon Tian Ming for me to deal with. Cai Lin Qing Lin the Little Fairy Doctor the three of you will block that other initial level Ban Sheng!"
The Ban Sheng...
Chapter 1438: Leaving the Retreat Dou Sheng!
"Bang!"
Three figures crossed each other in the sky with lightning-like speed. Frightening Dou Qi ripples formed a ring shape that spread in all directions. No experts dared to step within a ten thousand meter radius. This frightening ripple could grind an elite Dou Zun into a pool of blood.
"Hmph
The human figures crossed each other and stumbled back a couple of steps. Even space itself had shaken until it collapsed and formed a large dark region wherever their feet landed.
"Tsk tsk Yao Chen so what if your Spiritual Strength is powerful? Do you really think that you can fight against the two of us alone?" Old demon Tian Ming stabilized his body and suppressed his somewhat churning blood. He looked at the gloomy-faced Yao Lao a short distance away and coldly laughed.
Gu You by the side also coldly laughed. He could not help but clench his hand while feeling a little shaken in his heart. He understood that if he was alone he would not be a match for Yao Lao. The other party"s Spiritual Strength far surpassed his.
"It is rumored that the fighting ability of alchemists during the ancient times was extremely great. It is likely due to their strong Spiritual Strength....
Chapter 1439: Angry Buddha Reincarnation
The sea of fire surged over the star realm in all directions in front of a countless number of shocked eyes. Finally the fire gathered in the sky above the battlegrounds. Flames churned and slowly separated into a fire path. A black-robed figure stepped through the fire wave using the fire path. That figure slowly appeared in front of everyone"s eyes.
"Xiao Yan?"
"Junior pavilion chief? Junior pavilion chief has exited his retreat!"
Many exclamations that contained various emotions sounded within the Star Realm as everyone looked at this familiar figure. Those from the Falling Star Pavilion were filled with a wild joy while those from the Profound River Alliance were shocked...
"How is this possible? This brat was only at the peak of the Dou Zun class two years ago. How is it possible for him to breakthrough to a Dou Sheng? Moreover he is a genuine Dou Sheng!" Gu You looked at the young figure walking through the wave of fire in disbelief. He roared across the sky in a somewhat crazy voice. This scene had an overly terrifying impact on him.
"He is that Xiao Yan? Didn"t...
Chapter 1440: Massacre
The enormous circular plate of black that was surrounded by fire emitted a reincarnation feeling as it collided with the frightening energy from Gu You"s three-man team in front of countless pairs of eyes!
"Chi!"
u"Both parties collided. The frightening collusion made it seem as though meteorites had collided but the surprising thing was that an earth-shaking explosion did not occur. The three energy attacks that were a couple thousand feet across suddenly split apart in front of many shocked eyes. Looking from a distance it appeared as though ive had met a searing flame and swiftly melted"
That slowly rotating black plate seemed to show signs of separating air itself!
"Ka ka ka!"
The enormous energy attack swiftly scattered. Within a short instant it had turned into nothing. On the other hand that enormous black plate surrounded by fire continued to float and slowly rotate in the sky...
"What is this Dou Skill?
Shock and disbelief surged into Gu You"s group"s eyes as they watched their attacks disintegrate...
Chapter 1441: Hun clan Dou Sheng
A dark-black arm was extended from the spatial crack. This arm was extremely shriveled and looked as though a layer of black skin had been wrapped around some bones. That dry skin vaguely revealed some strange lines that emitted a black aura...
The appearance of this arm seemed to have caused the sky to become much dimmer. An unusual suction force spread from the arm"s hand that seemed like it could suck one"s soul into it.
Xiao Yan"s expression had become grave the moment this black arm appeared. A thought flashed through his heart and the black plate surrounded by a ring of fire floating a short distance away suddenly emitted a "swoosh" sound as it rushed over. It shrank to the size of a palm that adhered to his fist before he violently swung it forward.
"Bang!"
The black plate surrounded by a ring of fire heavily collided with the dark-black hand. A dense black light immediately shot out and wrapped around that arm.
"Sizzle sizzle!"
The owner of the shriveled arm was quite cautious as this black light ray shot...
Chapter 1442: The Secret of Each Sect
"Alliance?"
Yao Lao and the rest were startled upon hearing this word. They immediately contemplated the idea.
"Forget about the Hun clan. Just the strength of the Hall of Souls is stronger than our Falling Star Pavilion. Our Falling Star Pavilion is completely at odds with them. It is impossible to engage in an all out war with them." Xiao Yan nodded as he softly explained. "With just the strength of our Falling Star Pavilion we have a very high chance of being defeated when the time comes. Hence we must seek allies if we wish to fight the Hall of Souls."
"This will likely not be easy. The Hall of Souls is too powerful. Who else other than us will oppose them?" Cai Lin knit her brows and asked.
"It is precisely because the Hall of Souls is too powerful that we have a chance..." Xiao Yan smiled and replied. "Those fellows have done many things that have infuriated others in order to collect souls. An example is the Pill Tower. They hate the Hall of Souls to their very bones. If they were not afraid of the strength of the Hall of Souls they would have already gathered people to fight it....
Chapter 1443: Killing Another As A Deterrent
The battle in the star realm had ended in an overwhelming fashion as Xiao Yan exited his retreat. Xiao Yan and the Falling Star Pavilion"s reputation across the Central Plains would soar because of this big battle.
He had fought three great Ban Sheng with his own strength resulting in two deaths and one injury. He had even ended up getting an elite Dou Sheng from the Hun clan to personally intervene in order to help the last elite Ban Sheng flee.
The news of this battle caused the expressions of everyone who heard about it to change. In the eyes of many people an elite Ban Sheng was a legendary existence yet two of these experts who seemed untouchable to an ordinary person had been killed by Xiao Yan. Others were involuntarily shocked by these results. After this incident no other factions in the Central Plains would easily underestimate this rising faction.
Compared to the rise of the Falling Star Pavilion the Profound River Alliance was in an incomparably dismal state. The only elite Ban Sheng in the Profound Sky Sect had been killed by Xiao Yan. The large group of experts who had followed the elite Ban Sheng...
Chapter 1444: Seeking Allies
The revenge of the Falling Star Pavilion continued for ten days. During these ten days at least twenty sects were exterminated by the Falling Star Pavilion"s army. These factions which were not very powerful could not retaliate against the Falling Star Pavilion which possessed a high level Ban Sheng a one star Dou Sheng and many top experts.
The eruption of the Falling Star Pavilion violently shook many factions. In the past the Falling Star Pavilion had maintained itself in one corner and quietly developed. It did not display any overwhelming power causing some factions to not treat this rising faction seriously. However the retaliation of the Falling Star Pavilion allowed everyone to understand that it was not docile. Instead it was a ferocious tiger that would bite if angered...
After ten days passed the Falling Star Pavilion"s large army began to pull back. After all they did not wish to massacre everyone. Necessary deaths would enable the Falling Star Pavilion to establish an imposing might but the deaths could not be outrageous. Xiao Yan...
Chapter 1445: Heading to the Pill Tower Again
"Have the Flower Sect and Burning Flame Valley agreed to the alliance?"
Xiao Yan listened to a report from the two Elders in front of him within the main hall of the Falling Star Pavilion. He suddenly stood up. His face was filled with joy.
"Ha ha the Flower Sect and the Burning Flame Valley have both given us a clear reply. They are waiting for the junior pavilion chief to decide when to announce this news." A Falling Star Pavilion Elder smiled as he replied.
Xiao Yan Cai Lin and the rest sighed in relief after hearing these words. Things were always difficult at the start. With this good beginning it would be much easier to deal with the subsequent matters. The Flower Sect and the Burning Flame Valley possessed a strong reputation within the Central Plains. Their participation would undoubtedly increase the reputation of the alliance far surpassing the reputation of the Profound River Alliance when it had been formed back then.
"The smooth progress of this alliance has somewhat exceeded my expectations."
Yao Lao fondled his beard and laughed. After all the Hall of Souls was not an ordinary faction....
Chapter 1446: Small Pill Tower
"Not a human?"
Xiao Yan felt his skin explode apart at this moment. The corner of his mouth twitched. It was a long while later before he suppressed his voice and softly asked "A legendary Di tier medicinal pill?"
All medicinal pills that had experienced a nine-colored Pill Lightning would possess some intelligence but the medicinal pills were mostly in the form of a beast. Some of the legendary tier 9 medicinal pills were able to take on a human form and it was even possible for them to train. However Xiao Yan had only read about these pills in some ancient books.
"Ha ha a Di tier medicinal pill was extremely rare even in ancient times. How can anyone refine one now?"
Xuan Kong Zi was not surprised to see Xiao Yan"s shock. He had also been stunned for a long time before recovering the first time he had heard about the ancestor"s actual form.
"The elder who refined ancestor was one of the founders of the Pill Tower but that elder has already died... a year before he was about to die he spent all his effort to refine a medicinal pill. This ancestor had been exhausted when...
Chapter 1447: Elder Selection
"Xiao Yan?"
Xuan Kong Zi and the rest were slightly startled after hearing Xuan Yi"s words. They mused for a moment before nodding. Xuan Kong Zi said "Although old demon Hou"s seniority far surpasses Xiao Yan Xiao Yan might be able to compete with this old fellow with his current abilities."
Yao Lao nodded and laughed "Alright. Let Xiao Yan compete with that old fellow. I"ll let that old demon know that not only can I Yao Chen defeat him even the disciple I groomed can defeat him!"
"If that is really the case it is likely that old demon Hou"s face would turn green." Tian Lei Zi loudly laughed.
Xiao Yan was speechless when he heard these four people decide that he should compete after a couple of sentences but he was also clearly aware that this matter would determine the success of the alliance. Hence he did not object to the competition. With his current alchemist skill he would not feel the slightest fear even when dealing with those extremely old demons.
"How many colors can a Pill Lightning from a medicinal...
Chapter 1448: Small Pill Tower First Elder
Light from the bright warm sun tore through the layers of clouds and landed on the top of the mountain. An ancient and melodious gong slowly reverberated through this open ground.
The top of the mountain became distorted after this gong began to vibrate. Seven elderly figures appeared on a stone stage within the open ground without any forewarning. Many people bowed and greeted these seven elders after seeing them. They respectfully said "Greetings to all seven Elders!"
The Main Elder Council could be considered the highest decision body in the Small Pill Tower. These Elders naturally possessed an extremely high status. Moreover all of them had been selected from the Small Pill Tower and were highly regarded individuals. Hence many people in the Small Pill Tower respected them.
Xiao Yan was mixed in with the crowd. His eyes swept over the seven Elders. After slowly sweeping his gaze over them he finally paused on four individuals. The auras of these four individuals appeared exceptionally powerful among those seven Elders especially...
Chapter 1449: That May Not Be The Case
"Swoosh!"
Xiao Yan swung his hand through the empty space in front of him after taking out the Bodhisattva Seed and many medicinal ingredients continuously flew out of his Storage Ring. In the blink of an eye they piled together in the air above his head. At a glance there were at least a thousand of them. Such a number of medicinal ingredients caused the surrounding alchemists to feel speechless.
Xiao Yan ignored these people"s surprise. His hand gently pressed against the air. A large number of medicinal ingredients was separated from the pile above before they were swiftly thrown into the medicinal cauldron. They were devoured by the fire dragon within the cauldron.
The mound of medicinal ingredients in the sky formed a line under Xiao Yan"s control as they continuously poured into the medicinal cauldron. Within a short couple of minutes a frightening energy wave spread from the medicinal cauldron. This energy wave caused the surrounding space to slowly fluctuate.
"This large number of medicinal ingredients has surpassed the amount...
Chapter 1450: Black Demon Lightning
The surrounding pairs of eyes contained some surprise as they shifted to Xiao Yan. They had not expected Xiao Yan to utter such words.
"Junior trying to win verbally here will not benefit to you." Old demon Hou looked at Xiao Yan and coldly laughed. His eyes once again swept over the fire cauldron in front of Xiao Yan as he spoke yet he still failed to sense a medicinal pill fluctuation. A faint mocking smile flashed across his eyes.
Xiao Yan merely grinned as old demon Hou coldly laughed. After which he slowly stood up in front of many pairs of eyes.
"Buzz!"
The fire cauldron in front of Xiao Yan suddenly emitted a slight vibrating sound as he slowly stood up.
"This is..."
Many people revealed surprised face upon seeing him stand.
"There is a slight medicinal pill ripple being emitted from the fire cauldron..." The linen-clothed First Elder on the stone stage suddenly spoke in a hoarse yet calm voice.
The remaining six Elders revealed shock in their eyes upon hearing his words. Even with...
Chapter 1451: Grade Nine Treasure Pill
"Rumble!"
A frightening energy storm wildly raged in the sky. Everything within a ten-thousand-foot-radius turned black at this moment. Space itself had collapsed because of this frightening clash!
The expressions of most individuals changed when they saw the black space in the sky. Even though they had lived for many years it was still extremely rare for them to see a clash of this magnitude. All of them understood that with their strengths they would not be able to endure for even a short moment if they were to be struck by that energy storm. Even their souls would be shattered by it.
"That Xiao Yan dares to fight against the Black Demon Lightning!"
The few Elders on the stone stage involuntarily muttered in stunned voices after seeing Xiao Yan throw a punch.
"That Xiao Yan is an initial one star Dou Sheng. It should not be too difficult for him to deal with a Black Demon Lightning." The linen-clothed First Elder glanced at the sky and spoke in a faint voice. "This Black Demon Lightning might not be as numerous as a tier 9 Pill Lightning...
Chapter 1452: Alliance
Old demon Hou"s face was a mixture of green and red after hearing the final announcement. He had thought that he would be able to defeat Yao Lao after their decades long rivalry but cruel reality taught him that even Yao Lao"s disciple could easily defeat him in terms of medicinal refinement skills...
"Ha ha congratulations old Yao." Xuan Kong Zi cupped his hands together and smiled as he congratulated Yao Lao.
"Old fellow you have taught an incredible disciple. This Xiao Yan has likely already surpassed you right?"
The smile on Yao Lao"s face stretched from ear to ear as he heard the many congratulations from around him. Xiao Yan"s performance today had made him feel much prouder than if he had personally obtained victory. Once one reached someone of his age one"s competitive character would weaken. One would feel happier grooming disciples as one passed on all of one"s abilities to them.
Upon seeing one"s disciple obtain such an achievement one would naturally feel extremely satisfied as the teacher.
"Hmph..."
Old demon Hou felt dejected when he saw Yao Lao"s smiling face. He violently swung...
Chapter 1453: Sky Mansion Alliance
"This person is likely that Ancestor Hou Yun from the Burning Flame Valley. He is indeed very powerful..."
Xiao Yan"s expression was a little grave as he glanced at the red-haired old man. Through his senses he could tell that the strength of this old man had reached the level of a one star Dou Sheng. Moreover this person was a little stronger than him.
An intermediate level one star Dou Sheng!
The Burning Flame Valley was at the level of the three valleys after all these years despite possessing a genuine Dou Sheng. With the strength that it possessed it was obvious that it was comparable to the old Profound Sky Sect or the Flower Sect. However it was clear that they did not reveal their strength.
"Old Yao it is unexpected that you an old fellow are still alive." Ancestor Hou Yun loudly laughed in the sky. He led Tang Zhen and Tang Hou Er as they slowly descended. Subsequently he looked at Yao Lao and loudly laughed.
"Old fellow you have actually reached the Dou Sheng class." Yao Lao laughed. From the looks of it it was obvious that he was acquainted...
Chapter 1454: Deputy Hall Chief of the Hall of Soul
"This hall chief?"
Xiao Yan"s eyes abruptly shrank after hearing the indifferent voice being transmitted from distorted space. The Hall of Souls was clearly intervening by sending this person. Moreover this person called himself hall chief. Could it be that he was that extremely mysterious hall chief of the Hall of Souls?
Black fog continuously seeped out of the distorted space. It slowly formed into a human figure completely covered in black fog in front of everyone.
"Hall chief of the Hall of Souls?"
The eyes of the First Elder from the Small Pill Tower shot to the human figure in black fog. His slightly hunched body leaned forward. The space around him began to slowly fluctuate at this moment.
"Perhap addressing me as deputy hall chief is better." That black fog fluctuated slightly while a faint laugh was emitted.
"Looks like you the deputy hall chief is not bold enough. Since you dare to barge into my Falling Star Pavilion you should use your actual body. An illusory figure could it be that you...
Chapter 1455: Nine Serene Spring
After the Falling Star Pavilion the Pill Tower the Flower Sect and the Burning Flame Valley announced the formation of the "Sky Mansion Alliance" the entire Central Plains was blasted apart by this extremely huge bomb. Chaos instantly erupted across the land.
The four big factions possessed extremely renowned reputations within the Central Plains. Any one of them could be considered a giant. A faction like the Pill Tower could no longer be described as a simple giant. This faction possessed an extremely frightening ability to gather people. It might have appeared extremely gentle over the years but as long as one was not a fool one would be able to detect the frightening strength hidden beneath this lazy appearance.
The lineup from the formation of this alliance between four powerful factions was many times stronger than the "Profound River Alliance" before. Compared to this newly formed "Sky Mansion Alliance" the "Profound River Alliance" was an extremely ordinary shrimp. Just a random finger of the "Sky Mansion Alliance" could destroy the "Profound River Alliance."
Everyone could imagine how much the strength of this alliance...
Chapter 1456: Nine Ying Yellow Spring Pill
"Why?"
Xiao Yan was slightly startled after hearing Yao Lao"s words.
"Don"t tell me that you think that nothing will go wrong while subduing the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame just because you have reached the Dou Sheng class do you?" Yao Lao"s eyes were a little strange as he looked at Xiao Yan and laughed.
"You can"t even do this?" The corner of Xiao Yan"s mouth twitched. Swallowing a Heavenly Flame that was ranked near the end would no longer significantly raise his strength yet Yao Lao was currently saying that this strength was still insufficient. Wan"t this a little too shocking?
"Ugh there is only one of each of the top three Heavenly Flames on the Heavenly Flame Ranking. How could it be so easy to subdue this type of divine object that has terrified all beings?" Yao Lao shook his head and softly sighed. "I have read some ancient texts while you were in your retreat. The texts briefly mentioned some information related to the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame. The demon flame appears once every thousand years but no one has been able to subdue it even now. You should be able to understand...
Chapter 1457: The Situation of the Dragon Tribe
"Dragon King?"
Xiao Yan"s expression changed after hearing this term. He naturally understood that the Ancient Void Dragon tribe had been divided into four factions. Other than the Eastern Dragon Island that Zi Yan occupied the other three large dragon islands were all being controlled by three great dragon kings. This title "dragon king" was only used to address those three island chiefs since they possessed great power.
"They are not people sent by Zi Yan. Instead they are from the other three large dragon islands."
Xiao Yan frowned. He had not received any news related to the Ancient Void Dragon tribe after having left the Eastern Dragon Island back then. The island was located within the empty space. Regardless of how intense the battle that erupted between them was it would not be able to reach the Central Plains. It was likely that no one other than the Ancient Void Dragon tribe themselves knew that they were in a civil war.
"I wonder which dragon king has sent these people. They have left empty space to come to the Nine Serene Deep Ground Python tribe. It is likely that they are up to something." Xiao Yan"s eyes...
Chapter 1458: Underground Serene Snake Network
Commander Qin"s body trembled after seeing Xiao Yan become furious. He hurriedly shut his mouth.
"It looks like Zi Yan is in a bad situation..." Cai Lin hurried forward and spoke with knit brows. "Shall we hurry to the empty realm and help them?"
Xiao Yan"s eyes flickered. He shook his head a moment later and said "There is no hurry now. As long as the experts from the Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe and the Nine Serene Deep Ground Python tribe do not head to the empty realm Zi Yan should be able to hold on. We need to delay the Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe and the Nine Serene Deep Ground Python."
Cai Lin gently nodded and ceased speaking upon hearing this plan.
After making up his mind within his heart Xiao Yan once again got some information from commander Qin"s mouth. He was only willing to let the matter rest after commander Qin no longer had anything to say.
"Can you now let us off? I have already told you all that you wish to know." Commander Qin weakly spoke. Most of the blood within his body had already been lost. He would...
Chapter 1459:
"Chi!"
A figure flashed through the muddled-yellow lake with lightning-like speed. Flames lingered around the figure. Each time a flame made contact with the surrounding water it would emit a series of sizzling sound.
"It is indeed worthy of being the Nine Serene Spring. The dark and cold force that it contains is frightening."
Xiao Yan"s body swiftly rushed toward the bottom of the spring. A solemn expression gradually surfaced on his face at the same time. The dark and cold force contained within the Nine Serene Spring seemed as though it could freeze Dou Qi. Xiao Yan still felt his limbs go numb even with his Heavenly Flame protecting him. The churning Dou Qi circulating around his body began to show signs of becoming sluggish.
"Looks like I need to increase my speed. This is not a place I can stay for long!"
Using the Heavenly Flame to resist the dark and cold force exhausted Xiao Yan"s Dou Qi. Although Xiao Yan had advanced to the Dou Sheng class and was able to control...
Chapter 1460: Yao Ming
Xiao Yan frowned as he studied the shriveled human figure. The figure struggled within the restraints of the metal chains. It was a long while later before Xiao Yan asked "Who are you? Why have you been trapped here?"
"Hu hu..."
The skeleton-like human figure had exhausted a great amount of strength during the struggle earlier and had begun to pant. Xiao Yan could sense an extremely dark and cold energy being emitted from those four large metal chains exhausting the figure"s Dou Qi. This caused the figure to remain in an extremely weak state but it would not hurt his life. All this figure could do was live on the edge of his last breath amid this everlasting exhaustion.
"Whoever trapped this fellow is really ruthless. This is even more vicious than directly killing him..." Surprise flashed across Xiao Yan"s heart. It was unexpected that he had stumbled across such a mysterious thing at the bottom of the Nine Serene Spring.
"I am the tribe chief of the Nine Serene Deep Ground Python tribe Yao Ming..." That skeleton-like human figure caught his breath for a moment before finally replying to Xiao Yan"s question. His voice was extremely hoarse....
Chapter 1461: Yao Xiaotian
Xiao Yan extended his hand and received the blood coloured crystal body suspended in front of him. A frighteningly dark and cold force spread from his hand. It immediately began to freeze one of Xiao Yan"s hands.
"It is indeed the Spring Blood Crystal. This dark and cold force is really frightening..."
Xiao Yan nodded joyously after seeing this crystal. He shook his hand and the ice crystal cracked. After which he put the blood crystals into his Storage Ring. He looked at that Yao Ming and asked "How can I rescue you? Do I destroy these four metal chains?"
"There is no need for that. These metal chains are not the ones things that restrain me. Instead it is the Yellow Spring Yin Rock attached to the ends of the chains. There is an endless dark and cold force surging from it that exhausts the Dou Qi within my body causing me to remain in a weak state... there is an elaborate switch hidden between the metal chain and the mountain body. Once you shatter it these metal chains will no longer be able...
Chapter 1462: Violent Beating
"Yao Xiaotian you old bastard. Today I will tear you into tens of thousands of pieces and throw you into the ten thousand snake cave!"
Yao Ming"s eyes turned blood-red as he glared at the black-clothed person in the sky. An endless viciousness shot of his eyes as his roar reverberated through this deep abyss.
"Tsk tsk my good big brother. It is unexpected that you have survived. However the current you cannot even block one strike from me. You can rest assured that I will not give you a chance to struggle this time around!" The man in the sky laughed in a wicked manner after hearing Yao Ming"s vicious roar.
Xiao Yan was expressionless after hearing the conversation between the two brothers. That Yao Xiaotian should be an intermediate level one star Dou Sheng. He was a little stronger than Xiao Yan. There was no need to doubt the strength of this Yao Xiaotian since he was able to become the tribal chief of the Nine Serene Deep Ground Python tribe.
"Brat regardless of how you managed to sneak into my underground Serene Snake network this underground world is the territory of my Nine Serene Deep Ground Python. You have nearly ruined my plans. Hence...
Chapter 1463: Nine Serene Profound Scepter
Xiao Yan slowly withdrew his fist after hearing the furious roar that resounded from above but both of his feet continued to ruthlessly step on Yao Xiaotian"s body. Heavenly Flame spread over his feet as they were coincidentally pressed on a spot around seven inches from the middle of the snake"s body. This was the fatal spot of the snake clan. If it was struck even an elite Dou Sheng would end up suffering.
Xiao Yan lifted his head. He looked at the sky only to find that the sky was currently filled with many experts from the Nine Serene Deep Ground Python tribe. These people were glaring at him with furious eyes. Regardless of how one put it the Nine Serene Deep Ground Python tribe was one of the three largest tribes in the Magical Beast world. At this moment this person had not only snuck into their territory he had even beaten up their chief. No one would be able to endure this humiliation.
"Brat who are you? You actually dare to act wildly within the territory of my Nine Serene Deep Ground Python tribe!"
An old man with a completely bright-red poisonous snake on his shoulder stood in the sky. His eyes were ruthlessly staring at Xiao Yan as he cried...
Chapter 1464: All Had Been Decided
A solemn-feeling flashed across Xiao Yan"s heart when he saw Yao Xiaotian and the First Elder attack at the same time. One of these people was an intermediate one star Dou Sheng while the other was an advanced one star Dou Sheng. They were terrifyingly strong after joining hands. Xiao Yan would end up finding himself facing a life threatening danger if he underestimated their strengths.
"You two are really anxious. It is likely that everyone present knows just what the both of you are planning to do!"
Xiao Yan"s body shook. He unleashed the King Kong Glass Body to its limit. His originally large body once again swelled until it reached a ninety-nine-foot peak. A bright golden light lingered over the surface of his body before gradually turning into a dark-golden color. His golden skin shook as a faint thunderous roar shot out of his pores.
"Clan tattoo appear!"
Xiao Yan was dissatisfied despite having unleashed the King Kong Glass Body to its peak. His hands formed a seal and a mysterious clan tattoo swiftly appeared on his forehead....
Chapter 1465: Demonic Saint (Sheng) Huang Quan
"Bang!"
Xiao Yan"s punch collided with the smelly dense-black Dou Qi palm wind of the First Elder. A hot fire seedling suddenly leaped forward and vaporized that lethal poisonous wisp. The powerful force also caused the First Elder to stagger back. The blood within his body even began to churn. The Heavenly Flame"s strength caused him to feel a little terrible.
"First Elder you should just surrender. You cannot defeat me. Yao Xiaotian will definitely be defeated by Yao Ming within ten exchanges. Once he becomes free your fate will likely be quite terrible." The golden light giant that Xiao Yan had transformed into looked down at the First Elder a short distance away and laughed.
The First Elder"s face twitched upon hearing this suggestion. His peripheral vision swept over Yao Xiaotian"s battleground. His heart slightly sank. At this moment Yao Xiaotian had been suppressed by Yao Ming until he did not have the ability to retaliate. From the looks of this miserable fight it was...
Chapter 1466: Yellow Spring (Huang Quan) Divine Anger
"Demon Saint Huang Quan..."
Xiao Yan"s eyes stared intently at Yao Ming. A moment later he suddenly smiled and asked "Why? Could it be that this legendary Demon Saint Huang Quan is related to your Nine Serene Deep Ground Python tribe?"
"Ha ha the Demon Saint Huan Quan is naturally not a member of my tribe but he did have quite a deep relationship with my tribe. After this ultimate expert fell back then the inheritance that he had left behind had vanished with the flow of time." Yao Ming laughed. He softly continued "There is a Huang Quan stone tablet in my Nine Serene Deep Ground Python tribe. It has been inherited since ancient times. All the knowledge of the Demon Saint Huang Quan is recorded in this stone tablet. It is even rumored that the essence blood of Demon Saint Huan Quan still remains deep within the stone tablet..."
"Essence blood?" Xiao Yan"s hand trembled without leaving a trace. It was rumored that Demon Saint Huan Quan had half-a-foot in the Dou Di class. His strength had almost reached the pinnacle. The blood of an expert who had almost...
Chapter 1467: Soul Battle
"Back then I had once tried to obtain the "Yellow Spring Divine Anger" training method and the Demon Saint essence blood within the stone tablet. However my Spiritual Strength had only just entered the stone tablet when it was struck and I coughed up blood in defeat. I had to recuperate for half a year in order to recover."
Yao Ming softly sighed after seeing Xiao Yan"s grave expression. His eyes wandered over the stone tablet with some fear as he said "Even though my current strength is many times greater than back then I have a feeling that my fate would not be any better even if I made another attempt now."
"The stone tablet does indeed contain an extremely powerful Spiritual Strength. That Spiritual Strength also seems to possess a kind of mysterious pressure. If I guess correctly the attainments of that Demon Saint Huang Quan in the training of his soul had likely reached a relatively frightening level." Xiao Yan nodded slightly and replied.
"How can someone half a step in the Dou Di class...
Chapter 1468: Demon Saint Essence Blood
The entire realm violently shook. Even the space itself fluctuated. One could see the remnant soul of Demon Saint Huang Quan suddenly rippling in a strange fashion amid this fluctuation. These strange ripples vaguely intertwined into a ten-thousand-foot-tall formless figure. If one were to carefully study this figure one would discover that this figure was the same as Demon Saint Huang Quan but this figure gave Xiao Yan the frightening feeling of facing the entire world!
This feeling let Xiao Yan sense what being insignificant and weak meant!
"This is the true form of the Demon Saint Huang Quan..."
Xiao Yan inhaled a breath of cold air. He did not expect this remnant spirit could unleash a sonic wave that gathered the true form of the Demon Saint Huang Quan.
The invisible Demon Saint body which had been transformed because of the sonic wave slowly lowered his head. His indifferent eyes locked onto Xiao Yan in the distance. After which he slowly widened his mouth. A sonic wave that contained an...
Chapter 1469: Finding Helpers
Cai Lin"s group stood near the altar and stared at Xiao Yan who had sat for an entire afternoon on the stone chair. Cai Lin involuntarily pressed her eyebrows together. This stone tablet appeared extraordinary. The strength contained within it was at a level that even an expert like Yao Ming did not dare to underestimate. Although they were always confident in Xiao Yan their hearts were involuntarily a little worried at this moment.
"Tribal chief Yao Ming have the experts from your tribe stayed such a long time when entering this stone tablet?" Cai Lin finally frowned and asked after waiting awhile.
Yao Ming hesitated for a moment after hearing her question. He shook his head and replied "When the experts from my tribe entered the stone tablet in the past none of them ever endured for over half an hour. However brother Xiao Yan"s Spiritual Strength is unusually powerful. There should not be an accident..."
The frown on Cai Lin"s brow deepened when she heard Yao Ming"s words but she could only suppress the worry within her heart. She calmed down and waited for Xiao Yan to exit.
Another half an hour passed in the blink of an eye as they waited. Cai Lin"s group...
Chapter 1470: Absorbing the Demon Saint Essence Blood
"Tribal chief Yao Ming I would not dare to speak with such confidence if I could not backup my claim." Xiao Yan laughed. The situation of the Eastern Dragon Island was undoubtedly serious. At this moment the Eastern Dragon Island would clearly understand how to choose between annihilation and putting aside their pride.
"I will dispatch some experts from the tribe to observe the actions of the Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe during this period of time. I will inform brother Xiao Yan the moment their experts move."
Yao Ming immediately spoke. He was also an extremely decisive person. Since he had made up his mind he would not be indecisive in whatever he did.
"In that case I will trouble tribal chief Yao Ming. We will be remaining in the Nine Serene Deep Ground Python tribe during this period of time. Additionally we might perhaps have to borrow the Nine Serene Spring." Xiao Yan glanced at Cai Lin after mentioning the Nine Serene Spring. He was planning on using the strength of the Nine Serene Spring to help Cai...
Chapter 1471: Heaven Demon Three Phoenix
"This fellow all of his trainings take such a long time..."
The Little Fairy Doctor stood at the top of abyss as she looked at the potruding rock where Xiao Yan sat. She helplessly sighed in a soft voice.
It had already been half a month since Xiao Yan had entered his training state. During this half a month he did not show any signs of awakening. A frighteningly pure energy rippled around him like a cloud. If one were to grab it it would appear as viscous as water...
The Little Fairy Doctor and Qing Lin were naturally able to tell that Xiao Yan was in a critical stage of his training. Hence they did not speak loudly in order to not disturb Xiao Yan despite uttering words from their mouths.
"Elder sister Cai Lin has also not revealed any activity..." Qing Lin"s eyes looked at the bottom of the deep abyss as she stated. The continuously boiling lake surface had calmed down a couple of days ago. The entire Nine Serene Spring had regained its old calm. Cai Lin who was within it had shown no signs of movement either.
"Cai Lin should be...
Chapter 1472: Ambush
The next morning\u2014
Xiao Yan stood beside the abyss. Both of his hands were placed behind his back. His eyes roamed over the Nine Serene Spring. Today they were about to move and head to the empty realm to stop the reinforcements of the Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe.
"Xiao Yan it is about time. We should get moving..." The Little Fairy Doctor flew over and landed a short distance away from Xiao Yan before speaking.
"Aye." Xiao Yan slightly nodded. He waved his sleeve and a majestic Spiritual Strength spread apart. It turned into a spatial formation that covered the Nine Serene Spring. He had placed a detection barrier here It not only protected the Nine Serene Spring he would also immediately sense any activity within the barrier.
"Cai Lin you can just relax and train. This place is the headquarters of the Nine Serene Deep Ground Python tribe. Yao Ming has already designated this area to be a forbidden ground and has dispatched experts to guard it. You should not be disturbed. You should return to the Falling Star Pavilion...
Chapter 1473: Fighting Two Saints Alone
The empty realm was completely silent. Chaotic spatial flow surged hiding a fatal danger...
"Swoosh!"
The deafening sound of rushing wind was suddenly transmitted amid the silence. A large cluster of light surfaced from the darkness in the distance. After which it arrived with a swift speed. The wild and violent wind it stirred caused even the chaotic spatial flow to be torn apart.
"Big sister the three great dragon islands have attacked the Eastern Dragon Island. If they gain our help they should be able to defeat the Eastern Dragon Island..." A black-robed elder beside the leading red-robed woman slowly opened his mouth. His voice was extremely hoarse as a kind of suction force suddenly spread from his mouth. This person was called Kun Huang. Many of his opponents had been devoured by him after being captured. His ferocious reputation was extremely well-known. Many experts would tremble in fear upon hearing his name.
"There is no need to be in such a hurry. We"ll let them fight with each other a little longer. The more deaths the better." The eyes of the red-robed woman flickered as...
Chapter 1474: Absolute Suppression
"Young fellow you are seeking death!"
Ying Huang"s face twitched after hearing Xiao Yan"s loudly laugh. He ended up laughing in extreme anger. The two of them had roamed unchallenged over the Dou Qi continent for many years. Everyone knew of their ferocious reputations. It was unexpected that a young fellow would actually think of stepping on their heads. This was something that their pride could not accept.
"Second brother let"s attack together and kill him!"
Ying Huang extended an arm from his sleeve and formed a sinister dark-black eagle claw with it. His claw was five feet long and appeared like a sharp longsword. There was a slight curl to it as a frightening force quietly gathered on the edge.
Kun Huang by the side nodded with a gloomy expression after hearing these words. Black vapor surged around him forming a strange swirl. This was their unique ultimate skill the Devouring Spiral. With these swirls protecting their bodies they would not receive even the slightest damage. It was considered a true absolute defence.
"Great Splitting Demon Claw!"
Ying...
Chapter 1475: Threatening With A Hostage
"Ha ha good. Brother Xiao Yan is really domineering. You have actually managed to finish off these two old demons with such speed despite fighting against the two of them alone. I wonder just what kind of a commotion this will stir if this matter is transmitted back to the Beast Region."
Yao Ming was the first to recover and laugh. His heart began to think even more highly of Xiao Yan. Although Yao Ming was an advanced two star Dou Sheng he was not absolutely confident he could defeat Xiao Yan. Moreover the longer Yao Ming had been in contact Xiao Yan the more he felt that Xiao Yan was unfathomable. Xiao Yan"s strength was one of the key reasons why Yao Ming had swiftly chosen to help the Eastern Dragon Island instead of the three great dragon islands.
Xiao Yan"s current strength might only be that of an advanced one star Dou Sheng at this moment but it was the first time that Yao Ming had met such a young one star Dou Sheng. Who could understand the limit of this kind of monstrous talent?
At his level he not only needed to look at the current situation when befriending others he needed to look at the other party"s potential. From the way Yao Ming saw it...
Chapter 1476: Encounter
A cluster of lights flashed across the empty realm. Its speed was as quick as lightning. In a flash it appeared at the edge of the darkness before finally disappearing...
"Brother Xiao Yan with our speed we should be able to reach the Eastern Dragon Island in another ten plus minutes..." Yao Ming lifted his eyes and looked in the distance where the flowing light was. He turned his head and spoke to Xiao Yan beside him.
"Aye let"s increase our speed."
Xiao Yan slightly nodded. His eyes looked to the depths of the darkness as the fist in his sleeve was slowly clenched. He waved his sleeve and his speed once again soared. Yao Ming and the rest could only hurriedly follow him upon seeing him go even faster.
"Wait... there is a familiar aura."
This flight continued for a couple of minutes before Xiao Yan"s body suddenly stilled. He frowned as he looked to a part of the empty realm to his left.
"Bang!"
An intense energy explosion was emitted from within the empty space. Immediately a figure spat out blood and pulled back falling into a group of people....
Chapter 1477: Resolve
Hei Qing"s eyes were extremely stunned as he looked at the skinny figure who had appeared beside him especially when he saw that the figure"s hand was gently pressing down on the red-faced old man"s head. His eyelids involuntarily twitched...
"Who are you? I am Elder Huo Zhan from the Northern Dragon Island!"
The red-faced old man"s body completely stilled at this moment. His body did not dare move even a bit. He could sense the frightening strength of the hand on his head. His heart clearly understood that his head would explode into a cluster of bloody fog if this hand gently shook...
"Just where has this monster come from? Why was I not able to sense his approach?"
The eyes of the red-faced old man continued to flicker. His expression was also rapidly changing.
"Release your hand..." Xiao Yan indifferently glanced at the old man and gave him a command.
The red-faced old man"s expression changed. He quickly rotated his eyes "I will count to three and we will release together. What do you say?"
"Xiao Yan kill him. He is an elite Ban Sheng from the Northern Dragon Island and has a much...
Chapter 1478: Meeting Zi Yan Again
Even light disappeared within the dark empty realm. This world was monotonous and lonely. At the same time it was plagued with much danger. There would occasionally be some surging chaotic spatial flow that could forcefully shatter an expert Dou Zun.
Hence other than the Ancient Void Dragons which specialized in spatial strength seldom would any humans or experts from other races enter the empty realm. Of course this kind of place might be completely remote and deserted to others but it was quite beneficial for the Ancient Void Dragon tribe. The chaotic spatial flow in this place was not only able to train their control over spatial strength but they were also able to use the tearing force of the chaotic flow to train their extremely strong physical bodies.
Some light suddenly appeared from within the nothingness. If one were to look in the direction of the light one would see an extremely huge island suspended in the emptiness...
"Bang bang!"
Extremely intense energy explosions continued to be emitted from that enormous island. Wave after...
Chapter 1479: Eruption of a Big Battl
"Clang!"
Two strong demon-god-like figures suddenly clashed in the sky. A sudden metallic sound was accompanied by a frightening storm as it suddenly swept across the sky. The experts from both parties within a thousand-foot-radius were sent flying by the storm. The blood within their bodies violently flowed in the process.
The wind erupted and that golden light giant which Xiao Yan had transformed into trembled slightly. He took a step back. That large man named Xuan Mo on the other side staggered a couple of steps back. Each of his steps collapsed into many dark empty spaces.
"Brat you do have some ability!"
Surprise flashed across Xuan Mo"s face after he failing to gain an advantage in this collision. His eyes were a little grave as he looked at Xiao Yan who was a short distance away and coldly smiled.
Xiao Yan"s eyes swept over Xuan Mo. His brows were also slightly knit. The strength of the three great dragon islands was indeed powerful. Their subordinates also included such a powerful expert. If Xiao Yan had not relied on the King Kong Glass Body his strong body that had been refined by many natural...
Chapter 1480: Three Great Dragon Kings
"Bang!"
The long dark-golden spear was just like a furious roaring dragon that cut a bright arc in the emptiness before it ruthlessly smashed into the hand of a middle-aged man with a crown over his head. His hand had transformed into a claw. The frightening force shattered a great amount of scales on the dragon claw.
The moment that long spear left that delicate and beautiful figure another figure began to approach in a ghost-like fashion. An extremely sharp palm wind unhesitatingly and mercilessly slammed toward the beautiful figure.
"Hmph!"
The owner of that beautiful figure narrowed her eyes when she sense this sneak attack. Her sharp nose emitted a low cold snort. With a shake of her arm that long spear seemed to be connected to a chain as it was instantly swung in a soul-stirring arc forming a semi-sphere that heavily struck the sharp palm wind. The powerful force erupted and the two were forced to stagger back before they finally stabilized their bodies.
"Ha ha it is indeed worthy of being the Dragon Phoenix constitution. Its strength is actually this powerful!"
This failed surprise attack caused the man to involuntarily...
Chapter 1481: Fighting Desperately
"Bang!"
A ten-thousand-foot-large firestorm swept over the sky at this instant. Its frightening temperature caused fierce flames to rise across the Eastern dragon island despite it being extremely far away. Some of the weaker individuals were shocked to find that the blood in their bodies had begun to boil...
"What a terrifying firestorm..."
The extremely chaotic battles across the Eastern Dragon Island became quiet when this earth-shaking storm appeared. Many pairs of eyes were filled with a rich shock as they stared at this firestorm that filled their sights. Even someone as strong as Xuan Mo ended up revealing a solemn expression when he sensed this annihilation force.
"It seems to be an attack unleashed by that brat..."
The expression of the First Elder from the Western dragon island suddenly changed. His voice contained great shock.
"What?" Xuan Mo"s and the other First Elder"s eyelids twitched upon hearing this news. Their hearts were filled with disbelief. If they were to get swept into such a terrifying attack they would not survive yet such an attack had originated from the hands of that advanced one star Dou Sheng?
"He is indeed worthy of being...
Chapter 1482: Dragon Slaying Sword
The long purple hair naturally belonged to Zi Yan but her body currently radiated a terrifying pressure that frightened Xiao Yan. This pressure originated from the liquid-like golden sword that she held in her hand...
The Southern dragon king looked at his missing arm with dull eyes. After having transformed into a dragon arm the defenses of his body had already reached an extremely frightening level. Even if he were to receive a direct blow from a five star Dou Sheng it would be impossible for his arm to be cut off with such ease. However...
"Dragon Slaying Sword? Is it the Dragon Slaying Sword? You have summoned the Dragon Slaying Sword?"
This dull state continued for an instant before he was felt the intense pain transmitted from his lost arm. The Southern dragon king suddenly lifted his head. He looked at Zi Yan walking through the air. Finally his eyes paused onto the liquid-like golden sword that she held. His eyes shrank to the size of pin holes as a shocked exclamation containing great disbelief was roared from his mouth.
The heart of the Western dragon king by the side also wildly...
Chapter 1483: End of the War
"Grug!"
Zi Yan"s body did not move even as the three dragon kings escaped. Her purple eyes were filled with a cold intent as she stared in the direction the trio had vanished. A moment later that seemingly liquid-like golden sword in her hand shook and scattered into nothing. A mouthful of fresh blood was spat from Zi Yan"s mouth while the Dragon Slaying Sword vanished. Her body also began to slowly fall.
Xiao Yan was startled upon seeing her fall. He hurriedly moved forward and caught her. His heart involuntarily ached after seeing her extremely pale face. It seemed that using the Dragon Slaying Sword greatly exhausted Zi Yan. Moreover this kind of exhaustion did not appear to be simple Dou Qi exhaustion...
"I"m fine..."
Zi Yan"s eyes looked at Xiao Yan as she lay in his embrace. A somewhat forceful smile surfaced on her face.
Xiao Yan involuntarily shook his head upon hearing her response. He simply hugged Zi Yan and sat down in the air. The condition his body was in was also extremely terrible. If the bloodline strength that had been emitted from within his heart had not healed a lot of his damaged medians it was...
Chapter 1484: Two Star Dou Zun!
The concept of time became extremely blurry within the completely quiet room as a sandalwood fragrance slowly drifted. It was filled with a scent that braced one"s attention. Time quietly flowed by amid this atmosphere of leisure.
Three months\u2014
Xiao Yan sat in his retreat for three full months. Even he himself would not have expected it to take so long but he had completely forgotten about time in his slumber. He had been submerged in the beautiful feeling of tempering his physical body.
Xiao Yan quietly sat on the cold jade bed within the quiet room. His skin was revealing a faint purple color. It was vaguely possible to see a faint purple-red color under his skin. An extremely powerful fluctuation spread from this purple-red flow.
The glow flickered. At this moment this glow was spreading around Xiao Yan"s body. Circular purple-red glows spread from his heart and reached every single corner of his body...
This glow continued to flow around his body for three months!
The three months of tempering dyed Xiao Yan"s originally pale skin a purple-red...
Chapter 1485: Activity of the Hall of Soul
"Are all of you planning to return to the Central Plains? I will also accompany all of you..." Zi Yan by the side smiled and informed everyone after hearing the conversation of Xiao Yan"s group.
Xiao Yan was slightly startled after hearing this news. He asked "You are also leaving? The Eastern Dragon Island just experienced a big battle. Is it a good time for you to leave now?" Xiao Yan was naturally aware that Zi Yan was intending to aid him in obtaining the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame. Xiao Yan"s chances of success would undoubtedly rise if he was able to obtain the help of an expert who had reached the fourth star of the Dou Sheng class but the current Eastern Dragon Island...
"It"s fine. The three great dragon kings have suffered serious injuries this time around and the Western and Southern dragon kings were crippled. There is no telling just how long they will need before they can recover their strength. The Elders will resolve the matters of the Eastern Dragon Island appropriately." Zi Yan blinked at Xiao Yan and smiled as she replied "You have aided me...
Chapter 1486: Tiangang Hall
An existence like the Dragon Emperor of the Ancient Void Dragon tribe was an extremely mysterious existence in the eyes of many people. Of course even an ordinary Ancient Dragon tribe member was legendary to some people. After all the Ancient Void Dragon tribe rarely came to the Central Plains.
The Ancient Void Dragon tribe was as mysterious and powerful as those ancient clans in the hearts of many people. The Dragon Emperor within the tribe was an existence like the clan head of the Gu clan or the Hun clan. This expert was someone even people as strong as Ancestor Hou Yun and the First Elder of the Pill Tower had never met. Hence they could not hide the shock that surged onto their faces after they heard that Zi Yan was actually the legendary Dragon Emperor.
"Ha ha it is unexpected that Lady Zi Yan holds such an identity. This elderly self was indeed a little blind back then..." Yao Lao was startled by Xiao Yan"s words. He only recovered a moment later before he solemnly cupped his hands and laughed.
Zi Yan...
Chapter 1487: Exterminating the Man Hall
Behind the somewhat distorted space was an enormous black piece of land. Some dense whiteness occasionally broke the surface of the ground. They were broken bones that revealed a strange chill...
In the middle of this large area stood a quiet black hall. It seemed like an ancient ferocious beast as it crept across the ground. An extremely dark and terrifying feeling slowly fluctuated over this sealed space.
There were countless extremely large and rough black chains extending from the large black hall. These chains were inserted deep into the ground. There was a cluster of black fog lingering over these chains. The fog vaguely formed a human shape. Some lusters occasionally flickered over the chains. Finally they rushed into the black fog and caused the black fog to appear as though it possessed a form...
This entire area appeared unusually quiet. A strange atmosphere covered it giving one goosebumps.
"Crash!"
Such silence continued for an unknown period of time before ten clusters of black fog stood...
Chapter 1488: First Tianzun
A small skeleton-like figure slowly appeared in Xiao Yan"s sight as the black fog surged. He was wearing black robes and his face appeared extremely shriveled. Both of his eyes were deep as two clusters of ghost flames danced within them. They emitted traces of an unusual aura.
"The legendary First Tianzun of the Hall of Souls you are finally willing to show yourself ..."
Xiao Yan looked at the elderly figure before smiling and speaking in a soft voice.
The First Tianzun slowly lifted his head. His shriveled face appeared exceptionally terrifying under the light as ghost flames danced within his eyes. A hoarse voice that gave one goosebumps quietly sounded. "Xiao Yan it is unexpected that you dare to deliver yourself to us. Originally the clan had decided to let you live a little longer but now that you have delivered yourself to us I will help take this life of yours!"
"It is still unknown just who will be the one taking the life of the other!" Xiao Yan laughed. His eyes were unusually dark and cold as he looked at that shriveled old man. This old ghost...
Chapter 1489: Defeat
"Clang!"
A terrifying energy fluctuation crazily spread to the sky. Even the spatial barrier that covered this area had been shaken to the point where an intense ripple appeared. A faint crack line began to vaguely spread...
"Boom!"
The storm wildly shook at the point where the two attacks collided. The enormous ring of fire was pushed back as it became more faint but it still rotated with great speed. In the end it completely disappeared. A large bone blade flew backwards from the storm the moment the ring of fire had disappeared. It finally landed on a mountain. A frightening force instantly shattered the mountain into complete ruins. The bone blade weakly lay on the shattered stone...
It was clear that both parties were unable to obtain much from this head-on collision. Both suffered some injuries.
"This bone blade is indeed a little mysterious..."
The large fire array above Xiao Yan"s head slowly disappeared. It returned to five clusters of flames that were swallowed by him. His eyes were a little startled as he looked at the dense...
Chapter 1490: Bloodbath
The human figure that had appeared in front of Xiao Yan was completely wrapped within a black fog. Two unusually dark and dense eyes shot out of the fog causing one"s heart to feel a lingering fear. This mysterious person was surprisingly the deputy chief of the Hall of Souls who had intervened when the "Sky Mansion Alliance" was formed back then!
"Xiao Yan you are forcing my Hall of Souls to hand you the corpse of Xiao Zhan..."
The black fog slowly rippled as an unusually pale face was revealed. That face did not appear old. Instead it appeared like a youth but the tone that this youth used was unusually sinister. This allowed one to understand that this person"s age was definitely not what he revealed on the surface.
"I have said that if anything happens to my father I will hand the Tou She Ancient God Jade to the Gu clan." Xiao Yan faintly smiled. He did not feel the slightest fear. If one were to reveal even the slightest weakness to these people from the Hall of Souls these people would grab onto it and one would never be able to recover. Even though he was constantly worried about Xiao Zhan"s safety in his mind he did not reveal...
Chapter 1491: Soul Light Cluster
The retreat of the deputy hall chief of the Hall of Souls before a fight had clearly exceeded the expectations of Xiao Yan"s group. Hence he was allowed to tear space and flee before anyone could react.
"This fellow is really quick to run..." Xiao Yan stared at the spot where the deputy hall chief had fled and frowned but that frown quickly relaxed. The deputy hall chief of the Hall of Souls was not an ordinary person. He had the strength of an advanced three star Dou Sheng. If Zi Yan wasn"t accompanying them today an extremely miserable battle would definitely have broken out. Moreover even after experiencing such a battle Xiao Yan was not confident he could truly kill the deputy hall chief like he had killed the First Tianzun. After all the strength of the deputy hall chief was far from what the First Tianzun could compare with.
"Although it is not difficult to defeat him I am not able to stop him if he chooses to flee with all his strength..." Zi Yan also felt a little helpless. If an advanced three star Dou Sheng expert insisted on fleeing she would not be able to stop that expert and this...
Chapter 1492: Absorbing the Soul Essence
"Those with affinity have the right to obtain any spiritual object in this world. It seems that both you and this soul essence fit each other..."
Yao Lao involuntarily smiled and remarked after watching Xiao Yan use one sentence to resolve the hidden negative emotions within the soul light cluster.
"These people from the Hall of Souls have committed all sorts of evil deeds..." Xiao Yan softly sighed. He waved his sleeve as he put this soul light cluster within his Storage Ring. After which he looked around him. At this moment the remaining people within the Man Hall with the exception of the deputy hall chief who had escaped had all been killed. Although many of the experts from the Hall of Souls were spiritual bodies that would vanish from the world upon death there were still many of them who possessed a physical body. Hence this area was covered with corpses. A rich bloody scent rose to the sky.
A slight ripple appeared in Xiao Yan"s eyes when he observed this scene. He quickly became indifferent. He had seldom engaged in such a massacre but he would not feel...
Chapter 1493: Perfect Heavenly State
"Crash crash!"
The soul light cluster slowly fluctuated. Wave after wave of clear voices spoke as an unusually pure soul essence poured into Xiao Yan"s soul...
The face of the body that Xiao Yan"s soul had turned into gradually revealed an intoxicated expression after this energy poured in. His soul seemed to have been immersed in a warm light. That feeling was just like a baby in a womb.
Layer after layer of faint mysterious crystals quietly began to appear on the surface of his soul. At a glance his soul appeared just like an actual person causing the soul to appear extremely mysterious.
The interior of the soul light cluster contained an extremely frightening soul essence strength. These essence strength was formed after the Hall of Souls had extracted a million souls. Before such a vast and mighty soul essence even Xiao Yan ended up feeling as though he was extremely tiny...
"Crash!"
As more soul essence was absorbed by Xiao Yan circular waves of invisible...
Chapter 1494: Chief of the Hall of Soul
"Rumble!"
Dark clouds covered the sky. Lightning flashed like silver snakes while thunder roared and echoed across the star realm. At the same time an overwhelming invisible ripple quietly swept from the mountain like a storm.
"What a terrifying spiritual fluctuation."
Yao Lao"s group revealed grave expressions as they observed the unusual phenomenon in the sky that had been stirred by the vast and mighty Spiritual Strength. Yao Lao"s eyes revealed an expression of shock. The Spiritual Strength of the Perfect Heavenly State was actually this powerful.
"Now just Xiao Yan"s Spiritual Strength alone will be able to fight against a two star Dou Sheng..." The First Elder of the Small Pill Tower fondled his beard and slowly stated.
Some surprise appeared in Zi Yan"s eyes by the side. The Ancient Void Dragon"s physical body was incomparably strong but their Spiritual Strength was unbelievably weak. Even someone as strong as her still felt a little shaken by such a spiritual fluctuation.
"It is rumored that if one advances to the legendary "Di...
Chapter 1495: Demonic Flame Descending In the World!
On the top of a mountain Xiao Yan opened his eyes with a cold sweat all over his body. His eyes were filled with a grave expression. He did not expect his roaming soul to lead him to meet that elusive hall chief of the Hall of Souls. If that mysterious expert did not help it would have been a little difficult for Xiao Yan to escape. Although Xiao Yan was not inferior to that chief of the Hall of Souls in terms of a spiritual collision the chief was right in saying that there was too much of a gap between Xiao Yan"s and his actual strength...
"The chief of the Hall of Souls is likely even greater than Zi Yan..."
Xiao Yan slowly exhaled. He suppressed his rapidly beating heart. The matter from earlier was far too dangerous. That person was indeed worthy of being the chief of the Hall of Souls. Just his soul alone could cause Xiao Yan to feel helpless.
"However I wonder just who that mysterious expert is? I don"t think I am acquainted with such a strong person. Why has he aided me?" Xiao Yan knit his brow. He finally...
Chapter 1496: Commotion Everywhere
"Bang!"
The moment the nine bright stars in the sky were aligned the entire world suddenly emitted a powerful energy fluctuation. A strange fog spread from the emptiness as a sound wave vaguely spread across the world.
"The world tide... it is indeed the same as what was stated on the ancient map."
Xiao Yan slowly stood up on the top of the tree. He lifted his head looked at the faint fog that covered the land and muttered to himself.
"Swoosh!"
A couple rays of light swiftly rushed over from the star realm while Xiao Yan was muttering to himself. They appeared beside Xiao Yan in a couples of flashes. These rays of light were Yao Lao"s group.
"The demonic flame is about to descend on the world..." Yao Lao landed beside Xiao Yan and spoke in a grave voice.
Xiao Yan nodded. Countless experts would be rushing to location of the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame from tomorrow on. Even though many people knew that they did not possess the ability to subdue the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame all of them would adopt a hopeful...
Chapter 1497: Eight Wasteland Destruction Flame
Three figures slowly surfaced from the black fog. One of them was wearing black robes. There was nothing special about his face. He appeared just like an ordinary person as a pair of rough hands rolled from his sleeves but it was this ordinary figure that caused most people present to cease breathing. Their eyes were grave and afraid...
Chief of the Hall of Souls!
These four simple words held a prestige that no one in this Central Plains could compare with. Even though this mighty name had been accumulated through years of bloodshed not a single faction other than the new "Sky Mansion Alliance" dared to openly display their hostility to them. Part of the reason for this might be due to the Hun clan but the Hall of Souls also possessed a deterrence that belonged to them.
In the distant past the chief of the Hall of Souls had once exterminate dozens of sects overnight. Blood flowed like a river that night while corpses were scattered all over the land. Five experts who had reached the second star of the Dou Sheng class had fallen miserably to his hands.
That night established the ferocious reputation...
Chapter 1498: Reunification With Xun Er
Xiao Yan lifted his head which was filled with joy. He saw an intense ripple appear within distant space before a couple of figures slowly surfaced. The person in front was wearing elegant green clothes and appeared as lovely as a flower. Her pretty face displayed a gentle smile. Her black hair was randomly restrained by a pale-green ribbon. It fell down like a waterfall before spread across her delicate waist. A gentle breeze blew over causing her hair to drift. Her demeanor appeared just like a fairy that had descended to the mortal realm.
Who else could that extremely elegant demeanor belong to other than Xun Er whom Xiao Yan had not met for a long time...
Two people were following behind Xun Er. One of them possessed a familiar face. It was Gu Qing Yang a genius within the Gu clan whose talent and bloodline was barely inferior to Xun Er. The other person was extremely unfamiliar. He was a white-haired old man in blue robes. A warm smile was always maintained on his face. That smile gave one a friendly feeling but only a person with strong eyesight could...
Chapter 1499: Yao Wang
"However Xiao Yan ge-ge has also advanced to the second star of the Dou Sheng class and your actual fighting strength far surpasses this level. This is similar to that Hun Feng. It is impossible to predict just who will be defeated if you exchange blows..." Xun Er sweetly smiled as she spoke.
Xiao Yan grinned. His heart would not underestimate anyone. The members of the Hun clan were not friendly characters yet this Hun Feng was able to become one of its top-notch experts and was even called the next clan head of the Hun clan. This was enough to indicate just how terrifying he was. Xiao Yan understood that this person would be a relatively troublesome enemy.
"Why is it that all of the ancient clans only dispatch a few people?" Xiao Yan withdrew his focus and suddenly asked. He discovered that regardless of the Hun clan the Gu clan or the Yan clan each of these clans only dispatched three people.
"Subduing the Heavenly Flame does not rely on a large number of people. It is best that these people of yours do not follow you in when you enter the realm. Otherwise your losses will be unbearable." Gu...
Chapter 1500: Not Knowing What is Good For Oneself
"Xiao Yan ge-ge this Yao Wangui is an initial four star elite Dou Sheng. He is extremely strong and it will not be easy dealing with him." Xun Er by the side opened her mouth and softly spoke after hearing Xiao Yan"s words.
"I know my limits." Xiao Yan slightly smiled. An initial four star Dou Sheng was indeed a little troublesome for his current self to deal with but if he was able to successfully obtain the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame and refine it it would be an extremely easy matter for him to kill Yao Wangui.
Xun Er did not say anything more after hearing Xiao Yan put it this way. She was aware that Xiao Yan was usually calm and would not easily do anything where he did not have the confidence to succeed.
Yao Wangui"s group"s appearance in the sky had naturally attracted many pairs of eyes. The Yao clan could be considered a unique ancient clan. Most of its clan members were alchemists and all of them possessed outstanding pill refinement talent. Thus the Yao clan created a pill refinement...
Chapter 1501: Shattered Space
"Bam!"
Yao Tian"s body stiffened as he stood in the sky. His eyes were filled with disbelief. At this moment there was an extremely glaring blood-red handprint on his face. Traces of blood slowly flowed out of the corner of his mouth.
The entire sky became completely silent at this moment. Many pairs of eyes had watched what had just occurred with great shock. Their eyes shifted toward Xiao Yan in the distance whose lips had lifted into a smile. A chill surged within their hearts. The ancient clans were most concerned about their pride yet Xiao Yan had ruthlessly slapped Yao Tian in front of so many people. This humiliation was a greater insult than just simply killing him.
"You... you dare strike me!"
The silence continued for a moment before Yao Tian finally recovered from his shock. His eyes quickly turned bright-red. He glared at the spiritual avatar in front of him with crazy and savage eyed. An earth-like brown flame suddenly surged out of his body. After which it formed a huge turtle-like object amid an earth-shaking roar. This giant turtle was covered in sharp fire...
Chapter 1502: Demonic Flame Realm
"Xiao Yan ge-ge you should ask anyone in this group of yours who does not possess the strength of a Ban Sheng to leave. Numbers are not important in trying to subdue the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame." Xun Er turned her head and spoke to Xiao Yan after seeing many human figures rush into that shattered space like a swarm of locusts.
"Aye."
Xiao Yan nodded. Although these elite individuals from the alliance could be considered top tier experts many of them were covered in perspiration just outside of this realm. Some of them even had to unleash their Dou Qi to resist the high temperature. If they were to recklessly charge into that space less than ten of them would make it out alive.
"All of you should head back to the alliance first and guard it well!" Yao Lao turned around and cried out in a deep voice.
"Understood!" Upon hearing this many experts from the alliance immediately sighed in relief appearing as though they had been relieved of a great burden. They hurriedly replied before withdrawing in a quick and orderly formation. Although it was somewhat regretful that they...
Chapter 1503: Breaking Through An Obstruction
Xiao Yan"s heart was filled with shock as he stared at the burning cream-white flames on Yao Lao"s body. He naturally understood just how difficult it was to expel the demonic flame that burned within one"s body. If he didn"t possess five types of Heavenly Flames he would have ended up suffering serious injuries from the demonic flames earlier. Although Yao Lao was an elite Dou Sheng he no longer had a Heavenly Flame guarding his body. He would be seriously injured if the demonic flames were allowed to invade his body.
"Chi!"
Xiao Yan"s body reflexively moved while his heart was feeling shocked. He appeared beside Yao Lao in a flash. After which his palm suddenly pounded against Yao Lao"s back. A low cry was also suddenly emitted from his mouth.
Xiao Yan had mixed a spiritual fluctuation within this cry. The sound wave that was mixed with this fluctuation was transmitted into Yao Lao"s ear. It violently collided with Yao Lao"s soul causing his face to pale. His tightly shut eyes were also suddenly opened...
Chapter 1504: Blood Coloured Giant Axe
Cream-white flames filled one"s eyes within this spacious hall. Many fire human figures stood straight-backed in this nearly ten-thousand-foot-large square hall. They did not emit any sounds but an extremely terrifying aura saturated the hall. That aura merged together and transformed into a large fire dragon that lingered over the heads of these fire human figures. There was a killing intent surging from it.
Xiao Yan"s group studied the formation in this hall from a corner. Xiao Yan"s brows were involuntarily knit. This was not the first time he had seen such a situation. Ever since they had entered that large door Xiao Yan"s group had charged through three halls similar to this but the further they progressed the fire slaves they faced became stronger!
Based on the senses of Xiao Yan"s group every single one of these fire slaves in front of them possessed a Dou Zun strength.
One Dou Zun was not worth mentioning in the eyes of Xiao Yan"s group but when this number increased to ten thousand even...
Chapter 1505: Illusion and Reality
Xiao Yan"s eyes were stunned as he studied the clan tattoo on the forehead of the skinny figure. A great storm seemed to have risen within his heart. Under normal circumstances he should be the only person within the current Xiao clan that possessed such a clan tattoo. Why had it suddenly appeared on this mysterious person?
"Xiao clan"s clan tattoo?"
Xun Er"s group had also discovered this tattoo. Their stunned eyes were thrown to Xiao Yan. All of them had seen Xiao Yan use the Xiao clan"s clan tattoo. Hence they were extremely familiar with this thing.
"Could it be an ancestor of the Xiao clan?" Xun Er guessed.
Xiao Yan"s heart shook upon hearing this suggestion. This Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame had existed for a long period of time. If one were to trace its history it had existed far longer than the Xiao clan had. It was not impossible for this flame to have captured an expert from the Xiao clan during that era. Some joy involuntarily rose within Xiao Yan"s heart but this joy had just risen when it gradually sank. This skinny man seemed...
Chapter 1506: Breaking the Illusion
The smile on the white-robed man"s handsome face slowly disappeared. A strange icy chill replaced it. Both of his eyes stared intently at Xiao Yan but he did not speak. The surrounding space trembled like a wave of water.
"Illusion?"
Xun Er and the rest were startled upon hearing Xiao Yan"s words. They seemed to have come to an understanding. "Are you saying that we are still in an illusion?"
"I am real!" Zi Yan hurriedly proclaimed. Based on her senses she was definitely real and did not exist in an illusion!
"We are all real..." Xiao Yan"s eyes stared at the white-robed man as he softly said "However we have all stepped into an illusion. This is the most terrifying aspect of the Nightmare Heaven Fog. If we continue to progress as the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame had planned we would only sink further and further into it. In the end we would have become its fire slaves. Even though we experience a big battle and win we will still remain in an illusion..."
"You mean that those fire slaves we have met including Xiao Chen... are all an illusion?" Gu Nanhai frowned. He suddenly looked at the silent Xiao Chen and asked a question.
"There is reality in...
Chapter 1507: Cooperation
The entire place quickly became silent as everyone stared at the white-robed man who had suddenly appeared on the magma pillar. Numerous pairs of eyes were looking at him with excitement and greed. Given the eyesight of everyone present they were naturally able to identify that the true form of the man in front of them was the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame!
"Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame. It is unexpected that you have mastered the Purifying Demonic Lotus Saint"s Nightmare Heaven Fog to such an extent over one thousand years. You really let one look at you in a different light."
The black-robed chief of the Hall of Souls on a mountain rock lifted his head. His expression was slightly ugly as he stared at the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame. He had also been trapped in the illusion earlier. If the illusion hadn"t suddenly broken apart even he would not have discovered that he was still in an illusion.
"This demonic flame is becoming stranger. This time around we must not allow it to continue to roam free. If it is allowed to escape the Central Plains will definitely suffer a great calamity!" That Elder Yao...
Chapter 1508: Eight Saint Battling the Demonic Flame
The chief of the Hall of Souls was slightly startled after hearing Xiao Yan agree so readily. He deeply searched Xiao Yan before faintly laughing "You are indeed sufficiently heroic. Since this is the case friends whose strengths have reached the fourth star of the Dou Sheng class should attack with me and finish off the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame. The rest will have to handle the fire slaves."
"Leave the other fire slaves to us..."
Xiao Yan slightly grinned. He turned his head and softly spoke to Zi Yan and Gu Nanhai. "Both of you should be careful when joining hands to deal with the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame. Try not to use your full strength to prevent someone from launching a sneak attack on you."
Zi Yan and Gu Nanhai nodded. They were not ordinary individuals. They were well aware of the current situation. If one was not careful when cooperating with those people from the Hall of Souls one would be left with nothing.
"Xiao Yan I cannot join the attack against the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame. Once I approach it this seal of yours will lose its effect....
Chapter 1509: Reverse Control
"Withdraw!"
A grave expression surged onto the faces of Xiao Yan"s group as they watched these Dou Sheng fire slaves rushing over. A soft cry sounded and he took the lead to pull back. Although there were many Dou Shengs on their side they would not fearlessly charge forward and block these fire slaves who knew no pain or fatigue.
Xun Er and the rest hurriedly followed after seeing Xiao Yan withdraw. They did not head to those large groups of people. Instead they found a spacious location of their own.
"Hmph some mere fire slaves dare to audaciously claim that they can finish off this chief!"
The deputy hall chief of the Hall of Souls coldly laughed but he did not appear to panic. Given his advanced three star Dou Sheng strength he could look down on the strongest fire slave present. Hence he was not the least bit worried about the ten elite Dou Sheng.
"Deputy hall chief do not take the initiative to attack. We will fight if a fire slave steps forward. Otherwise let"s just watch the show..." Hun Feng spoke in an indifferent...
Chapter 1510: Tianluo Sealing Demon Formation
The Dou Sheng fire slave quietly stood beside Xiao Yan with a numb and hollow face. Only that terrifying energy fluctuation that was vaguely being emitted from its body allowed one to feel just how powerful it was.
"However this symbol can only temporarily control the fire slave. Once the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame splits its attention the Heavenly Flame will definitely use the fire bead to break the symbol seal and once again obtain control of the fire slave." Xiao Yan"s eyes scanned the fire slave beside him. A slight flicker flashed within them. In order to completely control the fire slave he needed to finish off that fire bead within its mind because that fire bead was the only way the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame could control them.
"However the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame probably can"t split its attention..."
Finishing off that fire bead was not something Xiao Yan would be able to do within a short period of time. Hence he did not entertain this thought for long. He swept his eyes across the other battles. The fire slaves battling Xun Er and the...
Chapter 1511: Snatching the Demonic Flame Essence
"Swoosh!"
An enormous black light pillar shot down from the middle of the large formation. Its speed was frightening and with a flash it traveled across space itself. Even the magma sea region below had been forcefully split creating a couple-thousand-foot-large magma pit...
"Ah!"
The body of the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame and the black light pillar were caught in a stalemate. The Heavenly Flame sensed an extremely mysterious decomposition force erupting from the light pillar. The flame on the surface of his body became a little dimmer while facing this strength. A miserable cry that contained a great fury echoed across the sky.
"Bang bang bang!"
Faced with the strange energy within the black light pillar even the heart of the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame sensed a hint of danger. Its body abruptly swelled and transformed into a fire body that was ten thousand feet in size. The temperature of the surroundings rose. The magma below bubbled as numerous magma pillars continued to erupt. The rumbling sounds that were emitted seemed to herald...
Chapter 1512: Earthshaking Clash
A powerful flame spread over Xiao Yan"s palm as it was thrown forward. It unceremoniously slammed toward Hun Feng"s face.
"With just you?"
An icy-cold smile rose on Hun Feng"s face. He looked at the powerful Heavenly Flame on Xiao Yan"s palm and the corner of his mouth widened. "I have heard that you have merged a couple of Heavenly Flames. Although this might be powerful in the eyes of others it is not worth mentioning in front of me!"
Hun Feng"s placed his palms together as he coldly laughed. His right palm was suddenly swung forward. He did not dodge. Instead his right palm made firm contact with Xiao Yan"s palm.
"Bang!"
A powerful energy ripple swept apart as both palms made contact. It forcefully pushed back the neighboring two Ban Shengs as space itself became a lot more distorted.
"This merged Heavenly Flames is the what you are so proud of. Today I will show you how feeble it actually is!" Hun Feng laughed a sinister and cold laugh. An extremely mysterious purple-black light suddenly...
Chapter 1513: Xiao Chen"s Intervention
Xiao Yan reached out with his hand in front of the many pairs of eyes while he stood in the sky. Subsequently he firmly grabbed the black light pillar with his hand. The moment his hand touched the light pillar he was able to sense a slight heartbeat being emitted from within. This heartbeat seemed as though there was a living creature within the light pillar...
"This Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame has actually reached such a level. It is really no different than an ordinary human."
Surprise flashed across Xiao Yan"s heart as he sensed the heartbeat being emitted from the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame sealed in the light pillar. He was about to quickly turn around and withdraw when the surrounding space suddenly began to fluctuate. A figure broke out of this space. His large hand was extended and all of Xiao Yan"s paths of retreat were sealed.
"The Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame is not something that you can take!"
Xiao Yan"s heart quivered after hearing this dense cry appear beside his ear. "Chief of the Hall of Souls? This fellow has recovered really quickly!"
Xiao Yan swiftly lifted...
Chapter 1514: Old Man Hun Mo
That palm which originally had no problem striking Xiao Yan ended up experiencing an unexpected situation. The expression of the chief of the Hall of Soul became gloomy. His eyes glanced at the spot behind Xiao Yan. A person in ordinary clothes was quietly standing at that spot. This person appeared extremely ordinary but his aura was strange and unfathomable causing one to have difficulty guessing his exact strength.
"Who are you?" The chief of the Hall of Souls revealed dark and solemn eyes while he cried out. Although he possessed a high position within the Hun clan the era when Xiao Xuan was alive far too long ago. Hence it was impossible for him to recognize the person in front of him as the Blood Axe Xiao Chen who had been quite renowned in the Xiao clan back then.
"Ancestor Xiao Chen."
Xiao Yan quickly recovered. He quietly sighed in relief after Xiao Chen finally intervened. This ancestor of the Xiao clan had not fought ever since he had escaped the illusion. He merely hid by the side regardless of the intense battles Xiao Yan fought. He would only intervene when Xiao Yan was truly facing...
Chapter 1515: Cattle Herdman
The hearts of everyone quivered after hearing the words of Old Man Hun Mo. Many startled eyes looked to that space. Was there actually an expert whom they were unaware of hidden there?
"The old demon from the Small Pill Tower?"
Xiao Yan"s eyes also looked in that direction. A thought passed through his heart. Could it be that this Old Man Hun Mo was referring to the mysterious ancestor of the Small Pill Tower? His heart involuntarily rejoiced upon coming to this conclusion. Regardless of the situation both the Pill Tower and him were on the same side. This mysterious ancestor would likely not feel any enmity against Xiao Yan"s group if he appeared.
"Ugh I knew that the Hun clan would not play by the rules..."
That space was quiet for a moment as all gazes present focused on it. Finally it began to fluctuate. An unusually old and experienced voice suddenly remarked. The ripple in the space became more intense the moment this sound appeared. Soon a bull stepped onto empty air and appeared in this space while it let out a low "moo."
"Ugh..."
The eyes of Xiao...
Chapter 1516: Refining the Sky Ancient Formation
The young cowherd"s indifferent voice slowly sounded. Everyone"s expressions drastically changed. Numerous pairs of eyes landed on that churning black light pillar in the sky while feeling their mind go numb. This Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame had allowed itself to be captured?
"How can it be possible..."
Huo Yao and the few experts who had cooperated earlier muttered with stunned faces. If this was the case this Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame was indeed a little too frightening. A Heavenly Flame that schemed against people. Even people like them had were only witnessing such a thing for the first time...
"This..."
Xiao Yan"s face was filled with surprise as he exchanged glances with Xun Er. After which he slowly nodded. Given the frightening strength of the ancestor of the Small Pill Tower it would be quite difficult for him to make a mistake.
"Hmph what nonsense. Regardless of how strong the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame is it would definitely have difficulty escaping my Hun clan"s Tianluo Sealing Demon Formation!" The chief of the Hall of Souls revealed a somewhat ugly expression as he spoke in a deep voice.
The eyes...
Chapter 1517: Purifying Demonic Lotus Saint?
The fire array in the sky blotted out the sun. The two fire arrays appeared like two extremely huge fire plates that covered this realm from above and below. Xiao Yan"s group appeared like ants within these two enormous plates. They seemed insignificant at a glance.
"He actually... is able to control the great array placed by the Purifying Demonic Lotus Saint..."
Old Man Hun Mo"s eyes were filled with disbelief when he saw this unexpected change. He suddenly recovered a moment later and hurriedly threw his eyes to the slowly rotating spatial tunnel some distance away. That was the path that led back to the Central Plains
"Quick retreat!"
Old Man Hun Mo involuntarily cried out as his eyes flashed. His body took the lead to rush toward the spatial tunnel. This large array had been created by the Purifying Demonic Lotus Saint. Even though that ultimate expert whom even the clan head of the Hun clan admitted he was no match for still wielded a mighty reputation that was deeply imprinted into the ears of those who had heard about what he had done.
The chief of the Hall of Souls group hesitated for a moment after seeing Old Man Hun Mo"s flee....
Chapter 1518: Demon Saint VS Demon Flame
"This is... what happened?"
Xun Er"s group was stunned as they looked at Xiao Yan or perhaps it would be better to say the illusory figure wrapping around the surface of his body. Why did this legendary Purifying Demonic Lotus Saint appear on Xiao Yan"s body?
"It"s related to that ancient map!"
Yao Lao frowned before he suddenly recalled something. That ancient map was the only relationship between Xiao Yan and the Purifying Demonic Lotus Saint. Xiao Yan had gathered that thing for many years and had finally obtained all of them but he had only gained some secret information that was not really a secret. However Yao Lao had clearly remembered that a light had shot into Xiao Yan"s head after the ancient map had been gathered. That light might be the thing causing this situation to occur in Xiao Yan.
"What should we do?" Xun Er asked a little anxiously. No one knew whether this Purifying Demonic Lotus Saint was good or bad but he was possessing Xiao Yan"s body at this moment. If something...
Chapter 1519: Stripping
Every part of this vast realm had filled with cream-white demonic flames. An indescribably high temperature filled this magma world. Even an elite Dou Sheng who had reached the fourth star or even fifth star would not be able to remain for long because the temperature present could even incinerate Dou Qi.
Xun Er floated in the sky as a golden flame continued to surge from her body. Even though she the Gold Emperor Incinerating Heavenly Flame was guarding her she was still drenched in perspiration. Fortunately the Dou Qi within her body did not show signs of combusting. There was a reason the Gold Emperor Incinerating Heavenly Flame had obtained such a high rank.
Xun Er"s eyes roamed the distant sky before finding the origin point of this sea of flames. A fire lotus with a demonic aura was slowly rotating at that spot. Each time it rotated its color would flicker between dark-red and white.
"Buzz!"
The rotating fire lotus finally returned to a white but its petals were covered with tiny red veins. At a glance they appeared just like the blood vessels of a person. Occasionally...
Chapter 1520: Final Reward
"Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame..."
Xiao Yan only suppressed the excitement in his heart while he stood in the sky. He exchanged glances with Xun Er. Only then did he carefully descend. He slowly came to a halt when he was around a couple dozen feet from the cream-white and pink fire lotus.
The current Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame was completely different than the one from earlier. The Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame was extremely violent while this one was peaceful and calm. It did not unleash an attack when Xiao Yan and Xun Er approached.
"The Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame seems to be a little different than earlier..." Xun Er finally stated in a somewhat surprised voice after watching the fire lotus quietly float around.
"The Purifying Demonic Lotus Saint has removed all of its old memories and intelligence. The current Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame is just like a baby who has just been born." Xiao Yan"s face was filled with a heated expression. After having witnessed the brutal character of the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame he would not dare to refine it even after obtaining it. After all even an ultimate expert as strong as the Purifying Demonic Lotus Saint had...
Chapter 1521: Refining the Demon Flame!
"Xiao Yan ge-ge are you ready?"
Xun Er sat in the air. Her tightly shut pretty eyes were slowly opened. She looked at Xiao Yan who had suddenly stood up beside her and rolled her eyes. Finally she let out a sweet smile.
"I am."
Xiao Yan nodded. He looked at the formation above his head. This formation had been formed by connecting some faint lines of fire but there was a vague chill being emitted from it.
"This is the Cold Fire Formation. This kind of chilling Dou Qi is not an ordinary cold fog. Instead it is something that is produced after the temperature has been raised to a certain level. Normally speaking it is a somewhat unique cold fire. Although this formation is not as terrifying as the one placed by the Purifying Demonic Lotus Saint it will still be able to slightly suppress the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame." Xiao Yan pointed at the formation above his head and explained it to Xun Er who had revealed some doubt in her pretty eyes.
Xun Er nodded with a sudden understanding after hearing this explanation.
"I am about to act to refine this Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame. Xun Er help me take a...
Chapter 1522: Change In the Central Plains
"Bang bang!"
A high temperature permeated the magma realm as a fire raged and spread apart like a furious dragon. The enormous surface of the magma sea occasionally erupted and formed shocking fire pillars. These fire pillars soon scattered down from the sky like rain.
There was a thousand-foot-large pink fireball around a hundred feet above the surface of the magma sea. Flames fiercely burned while wave after wave of a destructive strength seeped out causing the surrounding space to slowly distort.
If one"s sight could see into the fireball it was vaguely possible to see two people tightly entangled together. A golden flame and a purple-brown flame climbed around each figure and blocked that demonic flame which tried to invade from all possible openings.
The human figures inside the fireball were naturally Xiao Yan and Xun Er. Xiao Yan"s condition was much better after obtaining Xun Er"s help. His body which had originally turned into a mess had also borrowed the undying effect of the Three Thousand Burning Flame...
Chapter 1523: Breaking Out of the Cocoon
The Shi clan was one of the eight ancient clans. Although the Shu clan was not as well-known as the Gu clan or the Hun clan it was still one of the eight ancient clans and not an ordinary existence. The Shi clan usually kept a low profile and rarely would news related to them spread but keeping a low profile did not mean that they were weak. This Shi clan was relatively strong when gauged by their fighting strength. The Shi clan was a lot stronger than the Ling clan which was the first to disappear. There were many powerful individuals within the clan who possessed an extremely powerful foundation.
However a super faction that possessed such a great foundation had once again mysteriously vanished overnight. Just thinking about the clan"s disappearance was sufficient to cause one to feel a chill within one"s heart.
The Shi clan had disappeared the same way the Ling clan had. Their realms had both been shut before they disappeared. Once the realms reopened millions of clan members and descendant citizens could not be found. Not one of them re...
Chapter 1524: Fire Baby
"This retreat has probably exhausted a great amount of time..."
Xiao Yan lifted his head and looked all across the sky that was permeated with fire. Although this environment appeared the same as when he had undertaken his retreat he was still able to sense a difference.
"Aye." Xun Er by the side gently nodded. The Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame was not an ordinary thing. If they did not have time even the two of them together would not have been able to refine it.
"Xiao Yan ge-ge is likely quite powerful now no?" Xun Er rolled her eyes as she wondered out loud with a smile.
"It will not be difficult to defeat the chief of the Hall of Souls the next time I meet him..." Xiao Yan slightly smiled. His voice relayed an extreme confidence. The benefits he had obtained from refining the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame were incomparable. Based on his senses his strength should have reached the initial level of the fifth star of the Dou Sheng class. This was a leap of three stars when compared to his intermediate two star Dou Sheng strength...
Chapter 1525: Demon Flame Plains
A fire baby that could unleash the Extermination Lotus Flame Xiao Yan naturally understood what this meant within his heart. He would no longer need someone to help delay his opponent during a fight in the future. As long as he thought about it this little thing would be able to create the fire lotus extremely quick.
This fire baby will become Xiao Yan"s biggest aid!
Xiao Yan and Xun Er exchanged glances. They could see some joy in the other party"s eyes. Clearly the evolution of the Heavenly Flame had exceeded their expectations.
"Yi Wa Yi Wa!"
The little thing played with the Extermination Fire Lotus that was floating around his body. After which the baby widened his mouth and swallowed the fire lotus before once again extending his flabby little hand to hug Xiao Yan"s arm. He began to rub it again. By relying on the strange feeling he felt he appeared just like a small pet which viewed Xiao Yan as its closest kin.
Xiao Yan smiled as he observed this fire baby. His hand gently rubbed the baby"s small head. The baby narrowed his eyes in comfort and continued to cry out joyously.
Xiao Yan softly laughed upon witnessing this reaction. Although...
Chapter 1526: Destroy With The Flip Of A Hand
"Protector Mo?"
This sudden unexpected occurrence had caused everyone to halt. Those figures of the Hall of Souls contained a dense fear as they looked at the headless corpse. Fresh blood shot out of it while a bloody head fell from the sky and rolled a couple of times on the ground. The expression on the head still retained the dark expression from before his death. This caused many to tremble despite not feeling cold...
"You... who are you? This is the territory of the Hall of Souls!"
That frozen man whose position seemed to be much higher than the others glanced at the two figures that had appeared in the air with a frightened expression. He suddenly cried out sternly a moment later. It seemed like he was planning to use this method to swallow the fear within his heart.
"The limbs of the Hall of Souls have actually extended this far huh..."
The man"s and woman"s figures gradually solidified in the sky. Surprisingly they were Xiao Yan and Xun Er who had broken out of the demonic flame realm. Xiao Yan"s eyes glanced at the dozens of black-clothed...
Chapter 1527: Imminent Storm
"Xiao Yan ge-ge the Gu clan has definitely suffered a blow because of the disappearance of the Shi clan. I might have to return and take a look..."
Xiao Yan looked to the north-western sky from the top of a green mountain. Xun Er"s soft lovely voice tickled his ear. He felt a little emotional. He naturally understood that Xun Er"s two-year disappearance would have caused a great commotion within the Gu clan so she ought to make a trip back now that she had escaped. Plus there was the news of the Shi clan.
"Xun Er I have promised that I will go to the Gu clan to propose marriage. Wait for me..."
Xiao Yan"s hand gently reached into the air in front of him as he clenched as though he wanted to grab the figure that had disappeared into the distance. He swiftly withdrew his emotions a moment later before his eyes gradually narrowed. He had managed to grasp an understanding of the present situation between the Sky Mansion Alliance and the Hall of Souls during his journey. The fiery hot fights between both parties had far exceeded his expectations. Currently neither party would rest until the other had perished. The Hall of Souls had destroyed quite a number of Sky...
Chapter 1528: Returning Home
The sudden laughter caused the interior of the hall to become dull. An instant later all the gazes within the large hall suddenly shifted to the entryway. Sunlight scattered down from the sky at that spot as a skinny figure slowly appeared in everyone"s eyes.
"Xiao Yan!"
Feng zun-zhe Ancestor Huo Yun and the others within the large hall trembled the moment that figure appeared. Their faces were filled with disbelief. A startled cry was involuntarily emitted from their mouths.
"Xiao Yan? He is the direct disciple of the alliance chief?"
Due to the growth of the Sky Mansion some upper echelons currently seated within this hall possessed a blurry impression of Xiao Yan"s face. Although his appearance was indistinct they were all clearly aware of just what kind of a position Xiao Yan held within the Sky Mansion. If Yao Lao was described as the chief of the Sky Mansion Alliance Xiao Yan was the spiritual leader of the Sky Mansion...
"Bang!"
Yao Lao mouth slightly opened. His eyes stared intently at the figure that was slowly walking in. The vast and mighty Dou Qi within his body erupted...
Chapter 1529: Challenge Letter!
News of Xiao Yan"s return to the Sky Mansion Alliance spread with lightning-like speed. Within less than a day this news had mades its way across all the territories the Sky Mansion Alliance owned. In an instant the Sky Mansion had become unusually heated. No one could doubt the reputation Xiao Yan wielded within the alliance...
Although the alliance had engaged in fiery hot battles with the Hall of Souls during these last two years Xiao Yan"s absence had caused the morale of the alliance to fall especially for some disciples from the Falling Star Pavilion. That figure had descended like a divine being when all hope had been lost at their most desperate hour. He subsequently reversed the bleak situation with his own strength. The shock that was created from being rescued time and time again had gradually burrowed deep into everyone"s hearts with the flow of time causing them to feel a heartfelt respect and fear for that person.
Although Yao Lao was still present...
Chapter 1530: Fallen Mountain
The Fallen Mountain Range was located on the border between the Hall of Souls and the Sky Mansion Alliance. Both parties had fought many battles in this mountain range in the past. The battles moved back and forth and could be considered unusually intense.
The name of the Fallen Mountain Range could be traced back to ancient times. It was rumored that quite a number of elite Dou Shengs had ended up dying in these mountains in ancient times. Although this legend had caused many treasure seekers to roam the mountain range many times they were unable to find any Dou Sheng remains but the lack of treasures did not tarnish the reputation of the Fallen Mountain Range within the Central Plains especially when this mountain range was chosen as the spot where the decisive battle between the Hall of Souls and the Sky Mansion Alliance would be held. The Fallen Mountain Range"s reputation had suddenly soared again.
It was unavoidable that news would spread but it seemed like both parties had underestimated the shock that the news had generated. Within three days the somewhat...
Chapter 1531: Hun Qian Mo
"I accept."
A glint flashed across the eyes of the Hall of Souls" chief after Xiao Yan uttered those words. He did not open his mouth but everyone could sense the sudden increase in pressure.
A storm was imminent.
"It is time to end our conflict..."
The many years of waiting had finally resulted in this situation. However Xiao Yan"s mind remained peaceful. He had once been a youth who had worked hard with final aim of defeating the Mist Cloud Sect in the Jia Ma Empire but then the Hall of Souls had appeared out of nowhere. They captured his father and destroyed his clan. They had even nearly ended the Xiao clan"s bloodline. This hatred could never be reconciled. Since that time the somewhat tender youth understood in his heart that his future path would be filled with difficulty but he had chosen to continue advancing without hesitation because there were some things that could not be left undone even if they were extremely difficult...
From a certain point of view the Hall of Souls had played a great part in allowing Xiao Yan to reach this stage today. They had given Xiao Yan a potent mot...
Chapter 1532: Confrontation
"Ancestor!"
The First Elder from the Pill Tower by the side revealed a joyous expression after noticing the green-clothed youth beside Xiao Yan. He respectfully cried out.
"Greetings to ancestor."
Xiao Yan did not dare slight this shockingly old existence. He immediately cupped his hands together and politely gave a greeting.
"Why are you so courteous..." The ancestor of the Pill Tower waved his hand. His clear eyes contained some surprise as they swept over Xiao Yan. He laughed "How unexpected. The Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame even I could not subdue has actually fallen into your hands. Such a lucky opportunity is really a source of envy."
A divine object like the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame was something that even the ancestor of the Pill Tower coveted despite his strength. However no one had ever successfully subdued it after all these years.
Xiao Yan merely grinned when he heard the Pill Tower"s ancestor laughter. He had subdued the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame by luck. If the remnant image of the Purifying Demonic Lotus...
Chapter 1533: Draw
A low and deep roar was emitted from Xiao Chen"s mouth causing Xiao Yan"s heart to tremble at this moment. A strange feeling that originated from deep within his bloodline gradually spread to every part of his body. That feeling caused his soul to tremble...
That feeling was an old pride. It was a pride that originated from a clan that had once stood at the peak of the continent!
Even though the clan had already declined that pride was still deeply buried within his bloodline.
No one dared to challenge the might of the Xiao clan at its peak!
Even the Hun clan could only quietly hide like a poisonous snake. They waited for their opponent to weaken before launching a fatal attack!
"The current Xiao clan does not have the qualification to utter these words!" Old Man Hun Mo lowered his head. His eyes were like poisonous snakes as they stared at Xiao Chen who was holding a large blood-colored axe. Old Man Hun Mo mocked him.
"Even though the Xiao clan has declined you do not have the qualification to give such an evaluation!"
Xiao Chen"s eyes were frighteningly...
Chapter 1534: Final Round
"What?"
The chief of the Hall of Souls" expression underwent a change upon hearing these words. Old Man Hun Mo possesses the strength of an advanced five star Dou Sheng. On the other hand Xiao Chen was merely an intermediate five star Dou Sheng. Given such a gap it should not be difficult for Old Man Hun Mo to be victorious.
"If it was really so easy to deal with Xiao Chen he would not have gained such a reputation back then..." Hun Qian Mo replied in a faint voice. Although his reputation had been well-known during that era it was still lacking when compared to someone like Xiao Chen. If Xiao Chen had not been trapped in an illusion for so many years it was likely that even he would be no match for Xiao Chen.
The chief of the Hall of Souls frowned. He lifted his head and studied the intense battle. At this moment Xiao Chen still seemed to be at a disadvantage. At a glance it seemed that he was in a panic while dealing with the combined attacks of Old Man Hun Mo and the Soul Curse Toad.
"Hopefully everything will be smooth...
Chapter 1535: Xiao Yan VS Hall of Soul Chief
The many pairs of eyes around the mountain range emitted a swoosh sound as they caught the chief of the Hall of Souls stepping forward. The ferocious name that the chief of the Hall of Souls once obtained within the Central Plains had reached a stage where one trembled in fear from hearing it. Although he had gradually faded from one"s sight because of his prolonged retreat his fierce reputation had not disappeared even after a long period of time...
If one wished to rank the top individuals within the Central Plains the chief of the Hall of Souls Hun Mie Sheng would take the top seat!
"Two draws in three battles. This has somewhat surprised this chief but this will not be able to change the final result." The chief of the Hall of Souls was a thousand feet from Xiao Yan when he finally came to a slow stop. He lifted his head and looked at Xiao Yan. A faint smile appeared on his face. His aura was calm as he spoke. His expression did not change because of the current situation.
Xiao Yan"s exchanged a glance with the chief of the Hall of Souls. A hidden flow surged and the temperature...
Chapter 1536: Nihility Devouring Flame
Xiao Yan gave the chief of the Hall of Souls who was floating in the sky above a deep look. Both of his hands appeared like blooming lotuses as they danced and formed many after-images. Following these hand seals the cluster of pink flames above his head emitted a swoosh sound as it shot into the sky. Finally it rapidly wiggled in front of countless pairs of eyes.
A frightening temperature was gradually emitted while the pink flame wiggled. This caused the entire world to feel like a steamer. The mountains of the Fallen Mountain Range would occasionally combust causing a dense smoke to rise into the sky.
The Dou Qi of some weaker individuals showed signs of boiling. Moreover some of those experiencing intense emotional fluctuations were startled to discover that their bodies were gradually becoming warmer. The Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame possessed the unusual ability to use one"s emotions as a source to burn one"s body. This discovery frightened many people into withdrawing. Only after they had exited the bounds of the mountain range did they feel...
Chapter 1537: Little Yi Revealing Its Might
A great storm had formed within Xiao Yan"s heart at this moment. The Nihility Devouring Flame was a Heavenly Flame that was ranked second on the Heavenly Flame Ranking. It was ranked even higher than the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame. The mystery surrounding this Heavenly Flame was even thicker than the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame. At the very least news of the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame had slivered across the continent but it Xiao Yan had never heard of any news relating to this Nihility Devouring Flame until now!
The Nihility Devouring Flame was ranked second on the Heavenly Flame Ranking. This flame was born from nothing. There was no image to look for nor a form to grasp. From a certain point of view the Nihility Devouring Flame could be considered a mysterious existence. The Nihility Devouring Flame was said to be able to devour anything. Only a small number of things in the world could resist its devouring ability but this Nihility Devouring Flame only existed in legends. No one had ever heard about any signs of this thing. Hence the shock within Xiao Yan"s heart was relatively...
Chapter 1538: Deciding the Victor
"Crunch!"
The mouth on the human face that was formed by the Nihility Devouring Flame emitted a somewhat miserable sharp cry after being ruthlessly bitten by Little Yi. The face began to furiously struggle. Black flames continued to erupt from the face"s body. They wildly swept toward Little Yi.
"Yi Wa!"
Little Yi ignored the retaliation of the Nihility Devouring Flame. The pink-colored flame on his body agglomerated into a crystal-like armor. Regardless of how the Devouring Flame emitted its devouring power it was unable to forcefully extract the energy within Little Yi"s body.
"Bang bang!"
While blocking the devouring power from the Nihility Devouring Flame Little Yi"s tightly clenched fist continued to smash the human face and widen his mouth. Each time he swung his fist clusters of pink flames would invade the face. The black flames had gradually become a little scattered.
"Bastard you actually dare to injure me?"
The collapsed feeling that was being emitted from the human face made it appear somewhat frightening. It was only a seed flame of the Nihility Devouring Flame while Little Yi was a fire...
Chapter 1539: Killing Strike
"Rumble!"
An enormous fire storm swept across the sky. Its terrifying temperature caused the originally moist land to dry and even began to crack apart. Other than some elite Dou Shengs no one else dared to step within ten thousand feet from the Fallen Peak...
"The chief of the Hall of Souls has actually been defeated..."
The entire mountain range became completely silent as they watched this firestorm sweep through the sky. After being struck head-on by such a ferocious attack even if the chief of the Hall of Souls could retain his life he would not be in a good state. It was likely that the victor had been decided.
A grave expression surged in the eyes of many people after experiencing this thought. The chief of the Hall of Souls had been a renowned peak expert within the Central Plains for a long time. His fierce reputation had caused many factions to tremble upon hearing his name establishing the Hall of Souls as the overlord of the region. Now however this expert who had once stirred a bloody storm across the Central Plains had been defeated by the hands of an up and coming member of the younger generation.
After...
Chapter 1540: Black Bead
The Fallen Mountain battle which had shook the entire Central Plains had finally come to an end with the defeat of the chief of the Hall of Souls leaving many feeling that they had not watched their fill. The final result had somewhat exceeded many people"s expectations. The Hall of Souls a faction that had stood as the overlord of the Central Plains for hundreds of years had finally met a powerful faction that could keep them in check after having acted fearless and overbearing for such a long time.
The Sky Mansion Alliance an alliance made up of a couple of large factions which had not been given high regards by those from the older generations had begun to rise at a shocking speed after a couple of years of integration!
Moreover the number of experts gathered in the alliance had also caused some of the old factions to feel ashamed. A Dou Sheng class expert was an ancestor that guarded the sect but this Sky Mansion Alliance had a total of ten of them. This number had caused everyone to understand that the Sky Mansion Alliance had not simply relied on luck to survive...
Chapter 1541: Message
"Yi Wa... give it to me."
Little Yi hugged the bead as a desire filled his face. It appeared as though saliva was about to fall out of his mouth. He had greatly coveted this thing right from the start. However Xiao Yan had been studying it and he has not been able to do anything about that. He immediately appeared when he saw that Xiao Yan was finally planning to give up.
Xiao Yan was startled after seeing Little Yi appear. Little Yi"s intelligence was growing. He was even able to use his tender voice to utter some words but this was the first time Xiao Yan had heard him actively request something.
"It is not beneficial to keep this thing..." Xiao Yan knit his brows and replied. Although this bead contained the devouring power it did not segregate between enemies and allies. More importantly this thing devoured one"s life force. Whoever place this thing within one"s body would likely end up aging and becoming weak.
Little Yi shook his little head. A pink flame surged from his body and wrapped around the black bead. After which it forcefully merged this bead with his...
Chapter 1542: Huang Tian
"What happened?"
Yao Lao by the side was startled after seeing Xiao Yan"s reaction. He hurriedly asked a question.
Xiao Yan"s eyes flickered. He handed the scroll in his hand to Yao Lao. Yao Lao received it and frowned. He was aware of the relationship between Xiao Yan and the Nine Serene Depp Ground Python tribe. Moreover the most important thing was that Cai Lin was still undertaking a retreat at the Nine Serene Spring within the Nine Serene Deep Ground Python tribe. The scroll had said that there was unusual activity at the spring. It was likely related to Cai Lin. No wonder Xiao Yan would react with such intensity.
"The Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe... what are these people planning to do?" Yao Lao frowned and wondered.
Xiao Yan slowly withdrew the powerful aura that had erupted from him. He had formed a big grudge with the Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe. Last time around he had forcefully captured the Demon Phoenix tribe"s junior tribe chief and two of its elite Dou Shengs and had used them as hostages in order to help the Ancient Void Dragon tribe. These hostages had caused the Demon Phoenix tribe to be afraid of acting recklessly. Although this had resolved...
Chapter 1543: Confrontation Between Two Tribes
Yao Ming"s expression slowly became gloomy after hearing Huang Tian"s icy-cold cry. It seemed that the matter today would not end peacefully...
Huang Tian"s voice sounded from a spot above the underground network. Without uttering any more unnecessary word the surrounding space fluctuated. His body rushed toward the Nine Serene Spring deep within the headquarters of the Nine Serene Deep Ground Python tribe.
Many Elders from the Nine Serene Deep Ground Python tribe were extremely furious after seeing Huang Tian forcefully barge in. This action was no different than giving the Nine Serene Deep Ground Python tribe a slap in front of countless number of people!
"Huang Tian you should not go overboard. This is the territory of my Nine Serene Deep Ground Python tribe!"
Being the clan head Yao Ming needed to step forward at this moment. His body flashed and he appeared in front of Huang Tian with a gloomy expression. He furiously cried out.
"Yao Ming you and Xiao Yan quietly joined hands and launched a sneak attack on the experts of my tribe....
Chapter 1544: Exchange Blows
This icy-cold cry was just like a furious thunder as it reverberated through the sky. An uncountable number of shocked eyes looked in the direction this cry originated.
The enormous illusory figure disappeared from the sky where many pairs of eyes had gathered. A black-clothed young man with an ice-cold expression appeared in front of the many gazes. Many exclamations were made like a ripple.
"Xiao Yan? Why has he appeared here?"
"It is rumored that the person the Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe wants the Nine Serene Deep Ground Python tribe to hand over this time around is Xiao Yan"s woman. From the looks of it this really is the truth..."
"Hee looks like there will be a good show this time around. This Xiao Yan is not an ordinary person. Even the chief of the Hall of Souls was defeated by his hands. Huang Tian has really meet a tough person today."
"Chi he is but a mere human. How can he compare to the great Huang Tian? The fighting strength of us Magical Beasts is not something a human of the same level can compare with. This Xiao Yan currently enjoys a great reputation...
Chapter 1545: Nine Coloured Light Pillar
"The so-called Demon Phoenix Steps is only this great!"
The golden light figures that spread across the sky quickly disappeared from Xiao Yan"s dark-black eyes. They agglomerated into a figure that appeared on his left. A cold smile flashed across his heart. His body completely ignored the fist winds around him. The clan tattoo quickly surfaced on his brow. His aura suddenly soared at this moment. It rose to the intermediate level of the fifth star of the Dou Sheng class!
Xiao Yan"s fingers were curled as his aura soared. The pink flame rapidly gathered at the tip of his finger. Finally it turned into a half-inch-long crystal-like finger. It penetrated the many human figures and ruthlessly pressed the fist behind the golden light.
"Sizzle!"
The golden light around Xiao Yan immediately dimmed after the pink crystal finger pressed against the fist. The densely-packed golden light figures disappeared into nothing. Finally the completely stunned Huang Tian appeared in front of Xiao Yan. He was startled to learn that Xiao Yan had actually seen through his Demon Phoenix Steps and...
Chapter 1546: Cai Lin Exiting Her Retreat
The enormous nine-colored light pillar pierced the sky. Its beautiful luster caused the land to appear a lot livelier...
"This is..."
This sudden unexpected change caused many to feel shocked and stunned. Clearly they did not understand where the nine-colored light pillar originated from.
"This kind of pressure..." Yao Ming and the other Elders from the Nine Serene Deep Ground Python tribe stared at the light pillar with shocked and uncertain eyes. They were able to detect a pressure that originated from within both their bloodlines and souls...
"Bang!"
Huang Tian"s enormous Demon Phoenix body was unable to stop in time. It violently collided with the light pillar in front of countless pairs of startled eyes. A loud earth-shaking sound abruptly reverberated across the sky. The sky and land seemed to tremble because of this fierce collision.
"Crack crack!"
After Huang Tian"s full force collision the nine-colored light pillar cracked. A huge crack line formed as though it was possible to break a light pillar. The surface of the...
Chapter 1547: Unexpected Change
Xiao Yan"s was a little absent-minded after seeing Cai Lin"s dazzling smile. He immediately swung his head and recovered. He softly laughed "Have you completed your retreat?"
"Aye."
Cai Lin smiled. Her narrow pretty eyes slowly swept over Xiao Yan. Her narrow crescent-like eyebrows were lifted. She asked "Has your strength grown significantly again?"
"I cannot compare with you."
Xiao Yan spread his hands. His eyes were a little helpless as he looked at Cai Lin. From the way Cai Lin had appeared it was obvious that her strength had soared to a relatively powerful level during this retreat. This had left him a little speechless. He had also headed to the bottom of the spring but he had not found anything unusual about it. After Cai Lin had entered this so-called "ordinary" spring she had ended up gaining a lot. This blessing really caused one to feel envious.
"Is that so?"
Cai Lin shifted her feet. She carried a tempting fragrance as she approached Xiao Yan. Her pretty eyes slightly flickered. Her long delicate finger suddenly pressed toward Xiao Yan with lightning-like speed. A nine-colored...
Chapter 1548: Transforming Dragon Demon Formation
Yao Ming"s group watched Xiao Yan and Cai Lin suddenly disappear through torn space from the underground network. Their faces were all stunned. They did not understand why the two of them would leave in such a hurry.
"The Empty Realm is the territory of the Ancient Void Dragon tribe. From brother Xiao Yan"s anxiousness can it be that some trouble has once again appeared with the ancient dragon tribe?"
Yao Ming was not a fool. He made a guess after thinking about it. However he currently had a mess to deal with and was unable to leave. All he could do was pray that Xiao Yan and Cai Lin would be able to resolve the trouble this time around with their strength.
"Hmph the both of you will fight until you end up seriously injured which will end up benefitting my Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe in the future." Huang Tian in the sky looked at the spot where Xiao Yan and Cai Lin had disappeared. He coldly laughed in his heart. He quickly ceased remaining any longer. With a cold cry he turned around and rushed into the distance. The other experts from the Heaven Demon Phoenix tribe hurriedly followed upon seeing him leave. They appeared a little dispirited. All of them were clearly...
Chapter 1549: Extermination Fire Body
The furious cry of the northern dragon king resounded within this blood formation in a rumbling fashion. Finally it spread into the distance...
"Puff!"
The pink flame which appeared above Zi Yan"s head swiftly spread after the northern dragon king"s cry sounded. It transformed into a fire barrier that firmly wrapped around Zi Yan. The blood fog spreading around her would emit a hissing sound and disappear upon contact with the fire barrier.
"Northern dragon king you are indeed the person causing trouble..."
The space beside Zi Yan fluctuated after the fire barrier materialized. Immediately two figures slowly appeared. These figures were Xiao Yan and Cai Lin who had hurried over at full speed.
"It"s Xiao Yan!"
Xiao Yan"s and Cai Lin"s sudden appearance caught the attention of those members from the Eastern Dragon Island outside of the formation. Many joyous cries quickly sounded. Soon after some Elders once again became grave. Although they were aware that Xiao Yan was also an elite Dou Sheng after their last meeting the current situation was such that even an ordinary Dou...
Chapter 1550: Crazy Northern Dragon King
"Boom!"
After that extermination-like aura swept out of Xiao Yan"s body his body lit on fire at this moment. Pink flames covered every part of his body. His skin muscles bones cells... every part of Xiao Yan"s body was filled by a pink flame at this moment.
"Chi chi!"
The pink flames fiercely burned. While the flames wildly spread his body became crystal clear. It was even possible to see his internal organs through the flames. These internal organs were covered by a pink crystal layer at this moment. The green-red wings on Xiao Yan"s back slowly morphed. Finally they turned into a pair of huge pink wings. Looking from a distance it was as though they had been made by transparent glass appearing exceptionally mysterious.
The extermination fire body was a method of unleashing the energy of the Heavenly Flame to its limit by merging it with one"s physical body. This required almost perfect control of the Heavenly Flame because the Heavenly...
Chapter 1551: Kill
The blood bead whistled through the empty space. Finally it smashed into Xiao Yan in front of many pairs of eyes. At that moment everyone"s hearts suddenly tightened...
"No one can hinder this king!"
The scarlet eyes of the northern dragon king stared intently at the point of collision. A wild laugh escaped his mouth but this laughter had barely started when it was suddenly halted. He was just like a duck who throat had been broken...
"Ch chi..."
Xiao Yan displayed a calm expression that the shocked northern dragon king took in with his eyes. A circular life-like pink fire wave spread from his palm. At the middle of the fire wave was the blood bead which contained an endless bloody scent but at this moment the bloody aura contained in the blood bead swiftly paled as Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame purified it.
"How is this possible? Just which Heavenly Flame is this?"
The northern dragon king immediately roared out when he saw the blood bead slowly rotating over Xiao Yan"s palm. It had not exploded. After the blood bead had landed in Xiao Yan"s hands the northern dragon king had sensed that his connection...
Chapter 1552: Refining A Puppet
Zi Yan hurried over in a flash while Xiao Yan was holding the corpse of the northern dragon king. Her eyes were complicated as she glanced at the northern dragon king whose face still contained a dark ruthless and ferocious appearance. She softly sighed. The Ancient Void Dragon had been battered after so many years of internal strife. The disappearance of the Dragon Emperor back then had left the tribe in turmoil a harrowing problem.
"Fifty to sixty percent of those from the northern dragon island have already been killed by the northern dragon king. This adds to the serious damage our ancient dragon tribe has already suffered. Fortunately the western and southern islands have not suffered as many loses. This time around the three great dragon kings have all been killed. No one will be able to stop the tribe from being united." Zi Yan glanced at the dragon island below which was still covered in a bloody aura as she softly analyzed the situation.
Xiao Yan slowly nodded. Although the Eastern Dragon Island had been victorious the price of this victory cost Zi Yan far too much. As the Dragon Emperor she put the needs of the tribe first....
Chapter 1553: Northern King
A sharp frightening wind whistled through the chamber. The black-metal-like fist of the northern dragon king was just like the sickle of a death god as it mercilessly shot toward Xiao Yan"s head.
This sudden unexpected change would have caused anyone else to turn pale in shock but the smile on the face of that skinny figure standing in front of the fire cauldron did not disappear. Just glanced at the northern dragon king who had broken free from the cauldron and extended his finger before pressing it down from some distance away.
"Bang!"
After Xiao Yan pressed his finger down the northern dragon king who was rushing over suddenly stiffened. Wave after wave of pink flames suddenly erupted from his body without warning. They wrapped around his body before invading from all possible entrances. They swiftly swarmed into the northern dragon king"s head before wrapping around the lingering soul that was controlling his body.
"Bastard what have you done to his king?"
The sudden unexpected change caused the northern dragon king to feel shocked and furious. He let out a stern roar.
"Northern...
Chapter 1554: Devouring Black Demon Lightning
"Black Demon Lightning..."
Xiao Yan"s feet paused outside of the region filled with black lightning. His eyes studied the black thunderbolts that clustered together before shock involuntarily flashed across them. Who would have expected Black Demon Lightning which could only be attracted after a tier 9 medicinal pill was refined to exist in such vast numbers in this pool. This world was indeed filled with all sorts of mysteries.
Xiao Yan was not unfamiliar with this Black Demon Lightning. He had once summoned it after refining a pill back at the Small Pill Tower. However that Black Demon Lightning was insignificant when compared to the Black Demon Lightning in this lightning pool. Fortunately Xiao Yan"s strength far surpassed what it had been back then. Otherwise he would only have been able to flee after seeing such a number of Black Demon Lightning...
"The strength of nature is indeed unpredictable..."
Xiao Yan shook his head but he did not immediately let the Northern King absorb the lightning strength. There was a lot of Black Demon...
Chapter 1555: Nine Mysterious Golden Lightning
Within the empty realm lightning pool Xiao Yan forcefully suppressed the excitement in his eyes after a long while. He looked at Little Yi on his shoulder. The only one who could endure the Black Demon Lightning"s wild and violent energy assault was this fire spirit.
The crystal droplet on the corner of Little Yi"s mouth became even denser when Xiao Yan glanced over. He immediately rubbed his flabby hands on his face and flew forward. Finally he appeared in the air above a cluster of Black Demon Lightning A circular pink flame that emitted a devouring power spread from his body. Any strand of the Black Demon Lightning that touched this fire circle would meet a suction force that could not be resisted. They were unable to escape regardless of how they struggled. Finally all of them flew along the edges of the fire circle before entering Little Yi"s small body...
"Crackle!"
The surface of Little Yi"s body began to flicker with many black arcs after the many bolts of Black Demon Lightning had been devoured. The Black Demon Lightning that entered his body was swiftly refined by the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame and then turned into an extremely pure...
Chapter 1556: Gathering Spirits
If one were to rank the Nine Mysterious Golden Lightning like a Heavenly Flame on the Heavenly Flame Ranking this lightning would boast a position equivalent to the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame or even the Nihility Devouring Flame.
This Nine Mysterious Golden Lightning would only appear after refining a tier 9 golden pill. It was an earth-shaking matter each time this lightning appeared. The world would quiver and even elite Dou Shengs would appear tiny and insignificant under the might of this lightning. Within some of the ancient books there were records of the unusual natural phenomenons forming when an alchemist who had reached the peak refined a tier 9 golden pill.
The most frightening aspect of this unusual phenomenon was the Nine Mysterious Golden Lightning. Even an ordinary elite Dou Sheng would be turned into dust if that expert touched it even a little.
Of course the Nine Mysterious Golden Lightning was extremely rare even during the golden age of the ancient era. It had been thousands of years since the Nine Mysterious Golden Light had appeared on the Dou Qi continent. In other words the tier 9 golden pill had not appeared on the Dou Qi continent for thousands...
Chapter 1557: The Strength of the Nine Mysterious Golden Lightning
From this one could gain an understanding of just how terrifying the body of the Nine Mysterious Golden Lightning was.
However everything required to increase one"s lower also carried a risk. If there was a high risk involved a greater reward would naturally follow. Even if Xiao Yan did not use the Nine Mysterious Golden Lightning to breakthrough to the sixth star of the Dou Sheng class after absorbing it  just having it in his hands meant that Xiao Yan would possess a killing weapon against an opponent who had reached the seventh star of the Dou Sheng class...
The temptation that came from such a powerful weapon caused Xiao Yan"s calm heart to pound despite the risks that accompanied it. Although Xiao Yan"s strength had reached the peak level within the continent his opponents were not ordinary beings. Having another trump card in his hand was equivalent to having another life.
"It is really the case of seeking treasures from danger..."
Xiao Yan slowly withdrew the excitement within his heart. His eyes continued to flicker as he glanced around the deepest part of the...
Chapter 1558: Change
A bright light shot over from the lightning pool in the empty realm. It escaped the lightning pool within a couple of flashes. After which a figure turned around and looked back. He only quietly sighed in relief after verifying no unusual changes had occured behind him.
This human figure was naturally Xiao Yan who had quickly left after obtaining the strength of the Nine Mysterious Golden Lightning. The process of obtaining the energy had been unexpectedly smooth so the burden weighing on his heart was only removed now that he had successfully left the lightning pool. A joy that could not be hidden surged within his eyes. He had obtained a rich reward during this trip to the lightning pool.
Not only had he successfully strengthened the Northern King until it was comparable to a six star Dou Sheng he had even leaped from the initial level of the fifth star of the Dou Sheng class to the advanced level of the fifth star of the Dou Sheng class. Of course the greatest reward was the destructive force that he had removed from the Nine Mysterious Golden Lightning.
Xiao Yan lifted his hand. The pink flame churned and Little Yi appeared in a flash. At this...
Chapter 1559: Calm
Xiao Yan felt a different emotion once he returned to the Sky Mansion Alliance. During the few months Xiao Yan had been away the reputation of the alliance had continued to rise. The alliance had remained humble and patient even after defeating the Hall of Souls causing many factions to quietly nod in approval. Whether a faction was powerful not only depended on the strength they rebelled against an adversity it also depended on if they would erode because of success. Fortunately the alliance had endured their success. Hence no one doubted their great strength.
There had been no news relating to the Hall of Souls during these past few months. The intense friction from the past had suddenly dwindled as though the faction that had once stood as the overlord of the Central Plains intended to fade away from the everyone"s sight.
The upper echelons of the alliance remained extremely cautious of the Hall of Souls even though the faction remained quiet. After having exchanged blows with the Hall of Souls for so many years the upper...
Chapter 1560: Yao clan Medicinal Ceremony
One month swiftly flowed by in a quiet fashion. This one month was as calm as one could imagine. Even with the Nine Serene Deep Ground Python tribe helping to investigate the Hall of Souls the results had not been extremely happy. The Hall of Souls seemed to have decreased the size of its faction this time around. Even though the spies from the Nine Serene Deep Ground Python tribe were able to find some Hall of Souls branch halls they were unable to venture any deeper because of the defenses that had been tightened over ten times.
The Sky Mansion Alliance felt somewhat pressured because of this situation but it was impossible for them to gather their strength to destroy all the branch halls. Everyone knew that this war would eventually end with one party being eliminated from the Central Plains. This party could be the Hall of Souls or it could be the Sky Mansion Alliance.
Neither party dared to make this gamble. Hence everyone could only just watch and wait at this moment.
The day the Medicinal Ceremony of the Yao clan would be held slowly arrived under the build up of this quiet pressure...
The main...
Chapter 1561: Fight
The human crowd within the square spread like flowing water. Immediately a group of figures wearing the robes of the Yao clan slowly walked over. Their gazes contained some surprise and disdain as they swept over Yao Lao"s body. There was a somewhat shady-looking old man with blade-like lips in the leader"s position. This person was the person in charge of meting out punishments within the Yao clan. Xiao Yan had met him outside the demonic flame realm back then. He was also an Elder of the Yao clan whom Yao Lao had a deep grudge against Yao Wangui.
"Yao Chen? Chi isn"t he that useless person who was expelled from our Yao clan?"
"He is already a bunch of old bones yet he doesn"t know how to quietly wait for his end. He must have come to our Yao clan to be humiliated."
"That"s right. Ha ha Elder given your status what is there to talk about with this abandoned person?"
Those human figures clustered around Yao Wangui understood that he really disliked the duo in front of him after hearing his condescending words. Many flattering and...
Chapter 1562: Aggressiveness
"Five star Dou Sheng?"
The frightening aura that suddenly swept crossed the square quickly resulted in shocked expressions surging into the eyes of many experts. There was vaguely an additional hint of fear and respect when they looked at the young figure. Such strength could be considered a peak existence even in an ancient clan like the Yao clan.
"Xiao Yan from the Sky Mansion really lives up to his reputation..."
The individuals from the various factions exchanged glances with each other. They could see grave expressions and exclamations in each other"s eyes. No wonder the Sky Mansion Alliance had developed a tighter bond during these years. With a core individual like Xiao Yan as their main support this alliance would not be as weak as those other temporary alliances.
Yao Wangui"s expression became extremely ugly as Xiao Yan"s aura erupted. He did not expect that Xiao Yan to have not only caught up to him within these short years he had even tossed him far behind...
A five star Dou Sheng Yao Wangui was...
Chapter 1563: Elder Wanhuo
"Xiao Yan this is the Yao clan!"
The red-haired old man furiously glared at Xiao Yan before he sharply cried out after seeing Yao Wangui struggling with all his strength in Xiao Yan"s hand.
"This Elder I have no intention of causing trouble during my stay in the Yao clan. However if anyone bullies my teacher and me I will not simply accept it lying down either!" Xiao Yan"s eyes were icy-cold as he stared at the shocked and horrified Yao Wangui in front of many people. His voice was low and deep as he spoke.
Little Yi in the sky swiftly descended as Xiao Yan"s voice sounded. After which he stood on Xiao Yan"s shoulder. The Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame surrounded him while a horrifying heat spread. It caused the faces of many to feel slightly startled. It was the first time they had ever seen such a mysterious Heavenly Flame.
As Little Yi came rushing down the somewhat strong black figure beside Xiao Yan shifted a step and coincidentally blocked the red-haired old man. The red-haired old man was extremely strong and was a genuine six star Dou Sheng. Only the Northern...
Chapter 1564: Hun Huzi
The peak of the medicinal mountain was covered by a cloud. A strange medicinal fragrance spread causing one"s heart to feel untroubled as though one was in a divine place.
There were clusters of medicinal ingredients gathering like a sea on top of the Medicine Mountain. There was an incomparably huge stadium floating in the air above the medicinal ingredient sea. There were four huge medicinal cauldrons at the four corners of the square. A pill fragrance slowly rose from them as a smoke charged into the cloud.
There were many human figures standing on this floating stage. Many lively conversations were being emitted. Their eyes were all looking to the north. There were many stone chairs neatly arranged there. Pretty female servants shuffled around the two sides of the stone chairs like butterflies. Those agile hands filled all the jade cups on the stone tables.
"Swoosh swoosh!"
Xiao Yan and Yao Lao rushed to the top of the mountain. Their eyes swept around. They were about to find a random spot to take a seat when Elder Wanhuo stood from...
Chapter 1565: The Start of the Medicinal Ceremony
"Hun Huzi... is teacher acquainted with him?"
Yao Lao"s reaction had startled Xiao Yan. His eyes scanned the black-clothed middle-age man in the sky as he gently frowned. It was another person from the Hun clan. These people always appeared in such a mysterious fashion...
"Do you still recall the Small Tower"s incident back then? The person from the Hun clan who had hid within the Small Pill Tower and in the end betrayed and wounded his teacher before eventually escaping..." Yao Lao"s deep voice contained an endless hatred.
"That person is Hun Huzi?" Xiao Yan"s heart shook as he exclaimed.
"Aye." Yao Lao slowly nodded. His eyes observed Hun Huzi in the sky as he continued in an icy-cold voice "This person has an extremely high position within the Hun clan. Even Hun Mie Sheng can not compare to him. Unexpectedly even he has been attracted by the Yao clan"s Medicinal Ceremony..."
"Hun Huzi is relatively important to the Hun clan. If I am not mistaken he should be the mastermind behind the...
Chapter 1566: Challenge
The Yao clan specialized in alchemy possessing the largest alchemist organisation in the world. Although the Yao clan would feel some pride in their hearts when dealing with the alchemists from the Central Plains it must be said that they did indeed have the ability to back up this pride.
Perhaps it was due to their bloodline but it was extremely easy for those in the Yao clan to learn how to refine medicinal pills. Moreover the clan did not lack individuals with outstanding training talent. Hence it might be true that the Yao clan did not have a large number of alchemists with skills equivalent to those alchemist grandmasters quite famous in the Central Plains but abit was not hard to find outstanding individuals within their clan either. Since they were in possession of such capital they would inevitably feel pride when compared to other alchemists.
Of course this was merely describing the middle level among the alchemist tier. The Yao clan did not hold much of an advantage in terms of the true alchemists that stood at the top of all...
Chapter 1567: Life Spirit Flame
Many people quietly started to sweat after hearing Xiao Yan"s clear laughter. His words were relatively awful. It seemed that the Sky Mansion Alliance and the Hun clan did indeed resent each other.
"What razor-sharp tongue... if it is about challenging me even your teacher Yao Chen does not possess the qualifications." Hun Huzi faintly laughed but his face did not reveal the slightest anger because of Xiao Yan"s words. It seemed that he boasted an extremely good temperament. However the eyes he used to look at Xiao Yan were densely cold. There was a vague murderous intent surging in them.
"Ugh teacher said that I should be able to deal with you. Hence there is no need for him to intervene." Xiao Yan fondled his abchin. The smile on his face was quite brilliant. Nevertheless the words he spoke clearly did not give Hun Huzi any face.
"Ha ha in that case I am rather curious..." Hun Huzi softly laughed. After which he ceased uttering any unnecessary words. With a wave of his sleeve a black flame erupted from his body in all direction. It formed a thousand-foot-large black fire...
Chapter 1568: Alchemy Contest
The other three individuals withdrew some distance away while Xiao Yan"s fire cauldron expanded. They separated this wide sky into four areas.
Hun Huzi"s body flashed and appeared above the black fire cauldron. After which he sat down. With a wave of his sleeve tons of medicinal ingredients flew out in all directions. In an instant a rich medicinal fragrance immediately spread through the sky.
While he began to refine a medicinal pill Elder Wanhuo in the distance had used the Nine Serene Wind Flame to form a fire cauldron. At their level they could do without medicinal cauldrons because they could randomly use their Heavenly Flames to form high quality medicinal cauldrons.
The person who had created the biggest commotion was Old Man Shen Long. The liquid-like green flame sea swiftly spread before he sat down within the sea of fire. He waved his sleeve and many medicinal ingredient seeds containing a strange fragrance swiftly scattered. Finally they fell into the sea of fire. After which the seeds swiftly sprouted in front of many stunned eyes. After which...
Chapter 1569: Snatching Energy
"The four of them are all refining tier 9 Mysterious Pills..."
Yao Dan watched these unusual phenomenons form in the sky from the leader"s seat. His expression involuntarily became a little strange. With his eyesight he was able to see through the battle of these four individuals. He might not be aware of the others abilities but he at least understood Elder Wanhuo well. Elder Wamhuo"s alchemist skill might be quite great but his chances of successfully refining a tier 9 Mysterious Pill likely did not exceed twenty percent.
Moreover the refinement of a tier 9 Mysterious Pill required the absorption of a relatively terrifying amount of natural energy. Although the energy within a five-thousand-kilometer-radius of this Medicine Mountain was extremely dense it was clearly impossible for it to support the formation of four tier 9 Mysterious Pills. Based on his estimates even if all of the energy within a five-thousand-kilometer-radius of this Medicine Mountain was absorbed it would be somewhat difficult to refine a tier 9 Mysterious Pill. Moreover... these fellows were refining four of them together.
"If it was so easy to refine a tier 9 Mysterious Pill it would...
Chapter 1570: Pill Rain
The change of the situation was extremely comical. Little Yi had suddenly charged into Hun Huzi"s fire cauldron and grabbed the embryonic medicinal pill that had yet to take shape. This had not only caused Hun Huzi to become furious even Xiao Yan was stunned. This matter had nothing to do with him. Little Yi had taken his own initiative...
Yao Dan and the many Elders from the Yao clan on the stadium watched this scene with a stunned expression. A moment later their faces twitched. They had comical expressions of wanting to laugh but forcing themselves not to. No one have imagined that Xiao Yan"s Heavenly Flame spirit would be so extreme. Hun Huzi had merely snatched some of their energy. Yet it ruthlessly charged into the other party"s fire cauldron and snatched the embryonic pill away.
"You deserve it."
Hun Huzi"s actions early had irritated the Elders from the Yao clan so they laughed in a soft gloating fashion.
Yao Dan who was in the leader"s seat shook his head without knowing whether or not he ought to laugh or cry. A proper medicinal pill competition had ended up in...
Chapter 1571: Borrowing Jade
"Da da..."
Pills poured down from all over the sky and landed on the square emitting a clear rain droplet like sound. This kind of pills might not be considered medicinal pills but they are formed from pure energy. Consuming it would be greatly beneficial to one"s body.
Xiao Yan"s body was suspended in the sky. Even with his calmness his eyes involuntarily revealed an expression of wild joy. He had heard about the phrase "pill rain descend Mysteriou Pill Appears". However it was the first time he had personally witnessed such a mysterious scene.
"It has... actually really succeed."
Xiao Yan received a medicinal pill with his hand which trembled slightly. This result had completely exceeded his expectations. Even with his current ability his chances of success in refining a tier 9 Mysterious Pill would not exceed forty percent!
However if one was to really discuss about this pill refinement there was indeed some element of luck within it. A medicinal pill contained the energy of four embryonic pills. This kind of matter could be described as extremely rare. The four embryonic...
Chapter 1572: Shocking Change
A rock stirring a giant wave.
After Hun Huzi uttered these words the stadium which had turned into an uproar because of the birth of the tier 9 Mysterious Pill became completely silent. The expressions of all the Elders from the Yao clan turned gloomy at that instant. A cold glow flashed within their eyes.
Each of the eight ancient clans had one part of the Tou She Ancient God Jade respectively. All of the clans treated it as a great treasure and kept it safe. Even an ordinary Elder would not be able to see it. This matter might not appear unusual in the eyes of those who were unaware of it but those who did looked at Hun Huzi as though they were watching a lunatic. How would it be possible for the Yao clan to loan such a treasure to him? Could it be that this person had gone crazy?
"This fellow..."
Xiao Yan knitted his brow tightly as he looked at Hun Huzi. The strange smile on the latter"s face caused him to feel that something was not quite right. Uttering such words to the Yao clan was undoubtedly challenging the prestige of the Yao clan.Given this fellow"s tier 6 Dou Sheng class strength it was...
Chapter 1573: Actual Form
The black flame blotted out the sun. This entire place was enveloped by it. Under the cover of this black flame everyone below suddenly felt the Dou Qi within their bodies beginning to gradually disappear. It was as though there was something invisible continuously devouring the Dou Qi within their bodies...
This discovery immediately caused countless of people to become terrified. From the fate of those who had attempted to flee earlier it was clear that the Hun clan did not intend to leave behind any survivors. Hence this entire mountain range had become chaotic at this moment. No one could have expected that an ordinary Medicinal Ceremony would actually end up turning into this.
"Be careful the entire place is filled with extremely tiny Nihility Devouring Flame. Even Dou Qi cannot block this thing..."
Xiao Yan"s hand landed on Yao Lao"s shoulder. Pink flame covered the both of them. The fire lotus deep within his eyes rotated. Base on his eyesight this place was current filled with tiny black light spots which could not be detected with the naked eyes. These light...
Chapter 1574: Yao Di"s Soul Fragment
"Bang bang bang!"
Countless medicinal pills rushed into the large formation from all directions. They were quickly turned into powerful energy. At the end one could see that the energy within the large formation seemed to have turned into a liquid sea. Lightning like loud sound was being emitted as it flowed...
"Founding Ancestor return!"
Yao Dan"s hands formed many seals. His expression was ferocious as he suddenly cried out sternly.
"Crash!"
After the stern cry sounded a swirl quickly appeared at the middle of the formation. An endless amount of liquid energy continued to surge into it. At the same time an extremely ancient aura also slowly spread from within the swirl. The swirl rotated rapidly before quietly disappearing. At this moment a linen clothed illusory elderly figure appeared.
"Buzz!"
All the members of the Yao clan suddenly felt their souls trembling violently the moment the illusory old man appeared. A kind of pressure that originated from their bloodline immediately caused the countless figures present on this mountain to...
Chapter 1575: Tunling (Devouring Soul)
Even this Yao clan"s guardian formation had finally crumbled under the frightening energy assault that could destroy the world. It turned into countless of light spots that poured down from the sky. The luster emitted from them highlighted the many dull and stunned faces below.
Despite having used all of their strength they were still unable to change their fate. Many people felt terrified and hopeless under that demon god like figure in the sky.
Xiao Yan"s expression was solemn as he watched this scene. The Dou Qi within his body began to circulate quietly. A black light flashed beside him and the Northern King once again appeared. He also took a couple of steps back and stood beside Yao Lao. This danger was likely the most intense one he had ever come across. Even he did not have an absolute confidence to escape from this dragnet placed by the Hun clan.
Yao Lao withdrew his eyes which were looking at the sky. There was some moisture in them. Even though he did not have a deep feeling towards the Yao clan the illusory figure from earlier...
Chapter 1576: Clan Extermination War
The many experts from the Yao clan in the sky suddenly emitted an extremely bright luster from within their bodies. The Dou Qi within their bodies had become extremely wild and violent at this moment!
"They actually intends to self-destruct..."
Hun Huzi"s expression changed slightly upon seeing this. If this many experts were to self-destruct even this sealed realm might be torn open. However the Nihility Devouring Flame had already turned into countless of Tunling at this moment and was unable to stop them.
"Humph it is not so easy to escape under the eyes of our Hun clan!"
Hun Huzi"s eyes became gloomy. He rapidly took out a scroll with a rising black flame from his Storage Ring. After which he suddenly tore it apart. Black flame surged and directly formed a flame tunnel. Many figures rushed out from within it and appeared in the sky of this chaotic place.
"Ha ha it is unexpected that you have actually ended up in such a state in this meeting of ours..."
Waves after waves of vast and mighty dark chilly auras spread over the sky after the many black figures...
Chapter 1577: Borrowing Flames
Bang! Bang!
A thunder like explosion continuously resounded within this realm. Following the appearance of each explosion there would be an expert from the Yao clan exploding the Dou Qi within his body and blast himself into pieces. In the face of such a wild and violent energy attack even one"s soul would not remain...
Xiao Yan"s group unleashed their speed to their limit as they crazily rushed towards the area where the explosions were most centralized. The seal at that spot had already been blasted apart. It would no longer be difficult to tear open the space. Those experts from the various sects were also closely following behind Xiao Yan. They understood that it was impossible for them to successfully escape alive by relying on their own strength in such a chaotic period.
However the Hun clan"s aim was to eliminate all the living creatures within the Yao clan. It was naturally impossible for them to simply allow Xiao Yan and the others to leave. While Xiao Yan"s group travelled the Touling creatures covering the entire area as well as the experts from the Hun clan had immediately changed their target. They rushed and...
Chapter 1578: Eight Coloured Fire Lotus
The Life Spirit Flame and the Turtle Spiritual Earth Flame were quickly turned into two clusters of different coloured flames in Xiao Yan"s hands. There was a little resistance being vaguely emitted. After all the two types of Heavenly Flames already had their respective owners. Even though their owners did not resist their instincts would still pose some resistance. Moreover this was the case despite Xiao Yan having transformed into possessing a Heavenly Flame constitution. If an ordinary person was to hold them it was likely that they would have already exploded instead of acting in such a docile manner.
Xiao Yan frowned slightly as he detected the slight resistance being emitted from the two clusters of essence flames. He flicked his finger. A wisp of pink flame was extended from his finger. After which it wrapped the two clusters of essence Heavenly Flames. Immediately the fire glow around the two clusters of Heavenly Flames showed a slight sign of stiffening. Even though these two Heavenly Flames did not possess any intelligence they were still being frightened to the point of not daring to move in the face of the frightening...
Chapter 1579: Escape
The frightening extermination storm swept apart within the Yao Realm. Other than a small number of extremely powerful individuals most of those who were struck by it were turned into ashes in an instant. The might from the self-destruction of a seven star Dou Sheng could really annihilate the world.
"This old lunatic..."
Faced with this extermination storm that spread across the place those experts from the Hall of Soul who were originally planning on stopping Xiao Yan"s group had no choice but to quickly withdraw. Even someone as strong as Hun Jing and Hun Yan could only step back at stay low at this moment.
The storm continued for a couple of minutes before it gradually weakened. After the extermination ripples disappeared a hundred thousand feet large hole appeared on the ground below. The bottom of the hole was completely black. It was as though one could not see the bottom. Such a frightening destructive force caused the eyes of Hun Yan and the others to shrink slightly.
Hun Jing"s and Hun Yan"s eyes immediately turned towards the direction which Xiao Yan"s group had fled towards as the storm scattered. However they merely saw a spatial crack that was slowly being repaired. Xiao...
Chapter 1580: Devour
"Someone from the Hun clan!"
Xiao Yan"s eyes were focused on the human figure on the distant mountain. Yao Lao and the other looked over. Their expressions immediately changed drastically. It was unexpected that there were actually experts from the Hun clan present on this Shennong Mountain Range.
"It"s Hun Sha one of the four demon saint. His strength is comparable to Hun Jing and Hun Yan!" Old Man Shen Nong was quite familiar with these people from the Hun clan. Hence his expression changed slightly after seeing the monstrous evil aura. He sighed softly "This Hun clan has really dispatch all of its experts to destroy the Yao clan."
"Unexpectedly there is really someone who can tear open the spatial seal placed by Nihility sir..."
The figure in the distance stepped on the empty air. In a flash he appeared in the sky above them. He looked down at Xiao yan"s group and focused his eyes onto Xiao Yan. His mouth was involuntarily parted into a smile. Those dense white teeth contained a stern evil aura giving them the appearance of belonging to a savage beast. "You are Xiao Yan right? I have heard...
Chapter 1581: Flee
A deep thunder like sound suddenly appeared in the vast sky. Immediately a bright light that caused one to be stunned flashed across the sky. In a flash it appeared in the horizon. The rumbling explosion caused many experts along the way to raise their heads in shock.
Soon after the bright light flashed across the sky a monstrous evil aura suddenly spread across the sky from behind. A black light flew passed. The monstrous evil aura caused many experts to be frightened. Even some of the sects did not dare to pay attention to it. Just a random wave of a hand by that kind of expert would likely eliminate the entire faction. The chasing conducted by such an expert was not something that they could observe.
"This fellow really doesn"t give up."
The bright light flashed through the sky. The figure inside paused momentarily and frowned upon sensing the murderous aura from behind.
That figure was naturally Xiao Yan who had fled after exchanging blows with Hun Sha. However he did not expect that the latter would actually continue to follow him. From the looks of it the...
Chapter 1582: Push Back
The figure which appeared in front of Xiao Yan was wearing green long robes.His hair was completely white. A smile hung on his fair looking face giving him a somewhat immortal like feeling.
"Hun Sha you should restrain yourself now that you have reached the territory of the Gu clan after such a long chase..." The green robed old man smilingly looked at Hun Sha who murderous aura filled the air and laughed. From the way he spoke it seemed that he had already sensed Xiao Yan being chased by Hun Sha since a long time ago.
"Gu Dao the three immortals of the Gu clan..." Hun Sha"s expression was gloomy as he looked at the green robed old man. A solemn expression surged onto his face. It was unexpected that he had ended up meeting such a troublesome person the moment he had arrived.
"My target is him! It has nothing to do with the Gu clan!"
The green robed old man who was called Gu Dao smilingly shook his head upon hearing this. He said "Ha ha this won"t do. Xiao Yan is considered half a member of the Gu clan. It is impossible for me to hand him over to you. Hun Sha you should hurry up and leave. Fighting in this place is disadvantageous to you."
Xiao Yan was startled after...
Chapter 1583:
A shocked expression rose within Yao Ling"s pretty eyes as she stood a short distance from Xiao Yan and watched Hun Sha turning around and flee. Clearly she did not expect that Xiao Yan was actually able to frighten off such an expert.
"Mister Xiao Yan have you refined the tier 9 Mysterious Pill?" Yao Ling could not resist opening her mouth and asked. Being an alchemist she was naturally well aware of just how terrifying a tier 9 Mysterious Pill was. Hence it was a little difficult for her to imagine that Xiao Yan was actually able to refine it within this short ten minutes.
"How can it be so easy? I have merely refined a portion of it." Xiao Yan shook his head. A wild joy rose within his eyes. It was unexpected that the tier 9 Mysterious Pill was actually this terrifying. He had only just refined a portion of it but it had already allowed his to progress from the advance level five star Dou Sheng class to the six star Dou Sheng class. No wonder even Hun Sha greatly coveted such miraculous pill.
"If I completely refine the tier 9 Mysterious Pill I might perhaps be able to steadily reach the intermediate level six...
Chapter 1584: The Secret of the Hun clan
"Tunling clan..."
Gu Yuan"s face had clearly trembled slightly when Xiao Yan uttered those words. He immediately inhaled a breath of deep air. His eyes stared sternly at Xiao Yan as he asked "Why would you ask this?"
"Uncle Gu Yuan should be aware that the Hun clan possessed the Nihility Devouring Flame right?" Xiao Yan verified.
"Yes. Back then I have once exchanged blows with the Nihility Devouring Flame and seriously injured it. After which there has been no longer any news of it. Ir should be recuperating." Gu Yuan nodded and replied.
Xiao Yan"s brow twitched slightly. He once again inhaled a breath of cold air in his heart in the face of Gu Yuan"s strength. He had clearly witnessed the strength of the Nihility Devouring Flame in the Yao Realm. Despite the Yao clan using all of its strength to summon the soul fragment of Yao Di the latter was still destroyed by the Nihility Devouring Flame. It was unexpected that the frighteningly strong Nihility Devouring Flame had been seriously injured by Gu Yuan before.
Xiao Yan exchanged glances with Yao Ling beside him. After which he began to describe...
Chapter 1585: Intermediate Six Star
Xiao Yan"s tensed heart also let out a heavy sigh after hearing Gu Yuan"s words. He had already personally witnessed the frightening strength of the Hun clan. Other than the Gu clan it was likely extremely hard to find any other faction on the Dou Qi continent other than the Gu clan which could fight it. If the Gu clan still choose to do nothing the Sky Mansion Alliance would likely be faced with a threat to its survival...
The many Elders from the Gu clan within the large hall also revealed a somewhat complicated expression after seeing Gu Yuan making his decision. They understood that the Gu clan would not be able to change its decision after today. The two largest super factions on the Dou Qi continent was finally able to fight again after a thousand years. Moreover this time around it would likely be a real life and death battle!
The victor survives while the loser dies!
Gu Yuan"s decision quickly spread to the entire upper echelon of the Gu clan. In an instant the atmosphere within the Gu Realm became a little tense. Many experts were being dispatched to the Central Plains...
Chapter 1586: Lei Dong
Other than Xiao clan which was the first to decline the Gu and Hun clans should be considered the strongest amongst the eight ancient clans. Ranked behind them were the Yan and Lei clan. The bloodline strength of both clans had not showed any signs of exhausting even after so many years. Hence the clans were filled with talented individuals. Although they were unable to compare with the Gu and Hun clans they were far stronger than the Yao Shi and Ling clans could match. Perhaps it was this reason the two clans were not the first to be eliminated by the Hun clan.
A soft persimmon was easy to squeeze. Clearly the Yan and Lei clan were not included in this statement. Of course after all the easy targets were destroyed their turn would come sooner or later...
The Gu clan appeared quite lively today. Being visited by the clan heads of the Yan and Lei clans was considered an important matter even to the Gu clan. Hence their stance was extremely solemn. It could be considered to have given both clan heads sufficient face.
By the time Xiao Yan and Xun Er had arrived outside the hall the place was already filled with people. It clearly...
Chapter 1587: Fighting
There was a training ground a short distance outside the main hall of the Gu Realm. This was a place where the Black Submerged Army usually trained. It was also the place where many youths from the Gu clan loved to come. Hence this place was quite lively. Additionally with the arrival of the Lei and Yan clans" heads today many of the outstanding members of the younger generation from both clans had also arrived. These young people did not join the so called important matters. Hence they had all gathered in this place. It was inevitable for youths to be a little impulsive. This was especially when these youths from the ancient clans met...
At this moment there was a densely packed black mass of people gathered on the training ground. Most of these people were wearing black armours. They were the renown Black Submerged Army of the Gu clan. Their overall fighting strength was quite powerful. At the very least with the exception of the Hun clan none of the other two clans could beast the Black Submerged Army in terms of overall strength.
Being able to become a member of the Black Submerged...
Chapter 1588: Spar
Xiao Yan"s words had undoubtedly stirred an uproar in this place. Soon after many warriors from the Black Submerged Army cheered in usion. On the other hand those members of the Lei clan had ugly expressions. This was the first time that they had been looked down upon.
"Humph Xiao Yan you should not act overly arrogantly!"
Lei Yun"s smiling face had also disappeared while he cried out loud.
"There are times when trying to win with words is not good..." Xiao Yan smiled slightly. His expression was calm and without ripple. He had also clearly heard what Lei Yun had said earlier. Although he did not wish to find fault with the latter his heart involuntarily felt some displeasure at him making fun of Xun Er. Moreover he also understood in his heart that if he wished to get these wild people to obediently shut their mouths he would need some brutal tactics.
Lei Dong frowned tightly. He looked at the black clothed young man in front of him and vaguely felt a sense of danger within his heart. Other people might think that Xiao Yan defeating Hun Mie Shen was merely rumours but he clearly understood in his heart that this was indeed the truth. Moreover he...
Chapter 1589: Peep
"Ha ha good you are indeed bold. You do possess some of the courage of Xiao Xuan from back then!"
The sky above the training ground suddenly began to fluctuate. Immediately three figures flashed and appeared. They were Gu Yuan trio within the large hall. That loud laughter was emitted from the mouth of the metal tower like man to the left.
Xun Er frowned slightly as she stood on the tall stage a short distance away. Gu Hua at the side had a sunken face as he spoke with some irritation "Just what is the clan head of the Lei clan doing? In terms of seniority he is many times older than Xiao Yan. Yet he actually dares to intervene!"
All of them understood that although Xiao Yan could currently be called the most outstanding person amongst the younger generation of the Dou Qi continent the other part here was the clan head of the Lei clan. There were hardly anyone on the Dou Qi continent who could defeat the latter. Given his status it was a little overboard for him to attack Xiao Yan.
"Xiao Yan ge-ge likely has his own plans. He will not do something that he does not have any confidence in..."
Although her heart felt a little worried Xun Er had a relatively greater confidence...
Chapter 1590: Strange
Gu Yuan"s voice was just like an explosion from nowhere causing those present to stiffen their bodies. An instant later many shocked eyes were suddenly lifted. They looked at the empty space. Dou Qi began to surge out from the bodies of those Black Submerged Army who were still observing Xiao Yan"s battle earlier in all directions.
"Hun Tiandi?"
The name Gu Yuan continuously resounded and exploded in Xiao Yan"s ear. This caused his fist to be slowly tightened. That main culprit who had nearly caused the Xiao clan to be exterminated was finally... about to appear?
"Gu clan be alert!"
The three immortals from the Gu clan rushed towards the sky at almost the same time. A stern cry reverberated throughout the place. Immediately many rays of light flew passed the mountain range. All the experts from the Gu clan appeared together. Immediately a vast and mighty aura surged in the sky. That lineup caused Xiao Yan to inhale a breath of cold air. Was this the strength of the Gu clan...
Gu Yuan"s body was suspended in the sky while Dou Qi surged through it. Both of his hands were placed...
Chapter 1591: Search
"Ao!"
The hurried warning siren resounded over this world in a deafening manner. It immediately spread apart. It caused the expressions of all the members of the Gu clan suddenly changed drastically.
"Hun Tiandi!"
Gu Yuan"s expression was icy cold. His eyes stared at Hun Tiandi. The sky had suddenly become a lot dimmer. Vast and mighty natural energy whistled from behind. It connected the sky and land. Looking from a distance it appeared just like an endless energy tide. Splashing noise resounded continuously.
An energy tide was usually formed only when there was an unnatural natural phenomenon occurring. This spectacular scene was also something that the human strength could not reach. However that energy tide which might not even be seen in a hundred years was actually formed from a mere thought by Gu Yuan. The strength of a nine star Dou Sheng was actually this frightening...
The seemingly endless energy tide churned continuously. That pressure which came spreading over caused even Hun Yan and the others who made up the four demon saints of the Hun clan to adopt an extremely solemn expression. They did not doubt that if they were to attack it was likely that...
Chapter 1592: Snatching the Jade
"Black Submerged Army capture him!"
Xun Er"s cold cry sounded almost immediately after the figure shot out from within the mountain. She did not find that figure unfamiliar.
"Spirit Restraining Net!"
Many figures flew over the sky after Xun Er"s cold cry sounded. An orderly loud roar sounded while powerful Dou Qi swiftly formed into a huge Dou Qi net in the sky. Finally it came pressing over that figure from all directions. The huge net contained a special fluctuation. If one was caught within the web one would fall into the hands of the many Black Submerged Army"s warriors and have difficulty escaping.
"Explode!"
That figure did not appear to panic in the face of the huge energy net. His hands formed some seals and dozens of ferocious wind shot out. The wind continuously shot towards the various parts of the net. Soon after the wind whistled and actually forced the huge net back. After which he hurriedly lifted his head and looked at the distant sky. His body moved and his speed was raised to the limit as he hurried towards the sky.
"It"s pointless. He is extremely familiar...
Chapter 1593: Losing the Jade
"Swoosh!"
The bright light was just like a falling star as it swept through the sky with lightning like speed attracting the eyes of everyone present!
Xiao Yan was the fastest to react. The wings behind him flapped suddenly the moment the red light tore through the energy barrier and escaped. Within a couple of flashes he had appeared a short distance from the blood light. He curled his hand and a suction force was emitted. The speed at which the red light flew out was greatly diminished.
"Humph!"
A somewhat cold snort suddenly descended from the sky while Xiao Yan was stopping the red light. At the same time waves after waves of dangerous feeling quickly surged out from within his heart.
"Bang!"
A feeling of danger had just appeared in his heart when the light above his head suddenly became dim. Soon after the sky above Xiao Yan"s head suddenly exploded apart. A white jade like hand was extended from the sky. It grabbed at Xiao Yan and the destructive strength contained within the palm wind caused even Xiao Yan"s exterminating fire lotus to be unable to catch up.
"Hun Tiandi!"
Such a frightening pressure immediately caused...
Chapter 1594: Discussion
The entire mountain range was unusually quiet as everyone watched the spatial crack in the sky slowly being closed up. Many experts in the Gu clan had gloomy expressions. Although the Gu clan was not destroyed by the Hun clan like the Ling clan they had still lost the ancient jade. From a certain point of view the Gu clan had suffered quite a big loss in the fight with the Hun clan...
The light throughout the mountains slowly disappeared. Finally it completely disappeared. It was fortunately that there was proper command. Otherwise the entire mountain range would have been turned into dust in the battle. This would be considered a big loss to the Gu clan.
Xiao Yan"s fist was tightly clenched after he saw the light curtain disappeared. The Hun clan was indeed planning to use his father to exchange for the ancient jade...
"Half a month later..."
Xiao Yan pressed his lips tightly together. A chillness surged within his eyes.
Gu Yuan"s expression was gloomy as he watched the spot where the crack had disappeared in the sky. He did not speak. The three immortals of the Gu clan behind him also sighed quietly....
Chapter 1595: Re-entering the Heavenly Tomb
A couple of figures were suspending in the air in the deep mountains of the Gu clan. Their eyes were looking towards the space above the mountain range. It seemed as though their eyes were able to penetrate through the space and look at the figure which had once been all-powerful on the Central Plains. Their expressions were somewhat complicated.
"Xiao Yan the Heavenly Tomb will open once every twenty years. If we count the time there is still quite awhile before it will be opened again." Gu Yuan placed both of his hands behind him. His eyes shifted from the space as he said "However I will forcefully tear open a crack line in the Heavenly Tomb and allow you to enter. However you must remember not to remain for more than a year in the Heavenly Tomb. Otherwise you will be rejected by the Heavenly Tomb."
"I have troubled uncle Gu."
Xiao Yan nodded. One day in the Heavenly Tomb was equivalent to five days in the outside world. One year inside was equivalent to slightly over two months in the outside world. However the Hun clan only gave him half a month"s...
Chapter 1596: Essence Di Qi
"Revive?"
Xiao Xuan was momentarily startled upon hearing Xiao Yan"s words. He immediately laughed softly and shook his head "Currently I am only a soul fragment. Moreover from a certain point of view I cannot even be considered a soul fragment. If it is not because of the unique aspect of the Heavenly Tomb I have already disappeared from this world. As for being revived I"m afraid that it should not be possible."
Although Xiao Yan was already a little mentally prepared upon hearing this his face could not help but be filled with disappointment. Xiao Xuan"s strength did not lose to Hun Tiandi. If he could fight it would not be impossible to deal with the Hun clan.
"Is it really completely impossible?" Xiao Yan sighed and spoke without being willing to give up.
"Ugh at least I do not know if there is any method for me to be revived. Perhaps... that legendary elite Dou Di could achieve this." Xiao Xuan laughed in an open minded manner.
"Dou Di..." Xiao Yan laughed bitterly. This had clearly broke all of his expectations. Where could one find a whatever Dou Di expert existence. If there...
Chapter 1597: Heavenly Tomb Soul
"Di State... soul..."
Xiao yan was startled as he watched the smiling Xiao Xuan. However his mouth had turned try due to the shock from the latter"s words. Anything that was even the least bit related with the word "Di" in this world would be synonymous with being strong. It did not matter whether it was a Dou Di or a Di tier medicinal pill. All of these were supreme in the eyes of everyone. Similarly the Di state soul also belonged in this category.
Dou Di Di tier medicinal pill Di State soul.
Amongst the three types of "Di" there was a much higher possibility of one reaching the third given the current condition of the continent. After all this level did not require one to absorb the so called "Essence Di Qi". However this did not mean that one could easily advance into the Di State soul. Base on Xiao Yan"s guess there was likely only two individuals on the current Dou Qi continent whose soul had reached the Di State. They were Gu Yuan and Hun Tiandi.
Xiao Yan"s current Spiritual Strength had remained at the perfect Heavenly...
Chapter 1598: Extracting the Soul Essence
"Incinerating one"s soul? Xiao Xuan you are crazy!"
That huge face suddenly revealed a great shock after seeing the strange flame rising from Xiao Xuan"s body. His sharp voice cried out "Incinerating one"s soul. You are going to completely vanish from this world!"
"Incinerating one"s soul?"
Xiao Yan"s body trembled violently as he stood below. His expression immediately changed drastically. Being an alchemist he naturally understood why a soul would ignite. This was a method similar to the self-destruction of one"s body which made it possible to unleash an extremely great strength for a temporary period of time. However the price of it was one"s life. This soul ignition was similar. It burns one"s soul in order to obtain a sudden increase in strength. The price of it was one"s soul would completely be destroyed.
"Ancestor..."
Xiao Yan"s body shook slightly. His eyes involuntarily turned slightly red. Xiao Xuan did not mention that he would ignite his own soul...
"My mission has been completed. It is unimportant whether I live or die." Xiao...
Chapter 1599: Di State Soul
"Ancestor..."
Xiao Yan looked at Xiao Xuan who was smiling warmly. His nose involuntarily felt a little soul.
"Refine and absorb it..." Xiao Xuan grinned. He flicked his finger and the crystal clearly light cluster in front of him slowly flew downwards. Bright light was continuously emitted from within. It appeared just like a warm sun.
Xiao Yan watched the crystal clear light cluster suspended in front of him. The vast and mighty Spiritual Strength spreading within it was as deep and unfathomable as the ocean. Even his perfect Heavenly State soul appeared quite tiny in front of this Spiritual Strength. The Heavenly Tomb soul was formed by the soul fragments of countless of experts after their deaths. The Spiritual Strength it contained could only be described as terrifying.
"Ancestor Xiao Yan will definitely revive the glory of the Xiao clan!"
Xiao Yan inhaled a deep breath of air. He once again knowtow respectfully towards Xiao Xuan in the sky. After which he did not say anything more. He took a stride forward and directly walked into the bright light cluster. Immediately a light...
Chapter 1600: Exiting The Heavenly Tomb
The ten thousand feet figure stood in the sky. All the energy bodies in the Heavenly Tomb under it shrunk and trembled. The frightening pressure seemed to be about to cause their bodies to explode...
Xiao Xuan"s body completely faded in the sky. Those old eyes were filled with a pleased expression as they vanished.
The huge figure continued to kneel in the sky after Xiao Xuan"s body paled. It was a long time later before that huge body slowly shrunk. Finally it turned into the size of an ordinary person and quietly stood in the sky.
"Ancestor..."
Xiao yan looked towards the spot where Xiao Xuan had vanished and muttered softly. He extended his hand and gently clenched it onto the empty space. An invisible light spot that an ordinary person could not see appeared in his hand after he clenched it. This was Xiao Xuan"s life imprint. Only those whose soul had stepped into the Di State could see such a life imprint. Otherwise even if one"s Dou Qi had reached the advance nine star Dou Sheng class one would still be unable...
Chapter 1601: Eve of a Big War
"Di State soul... how is this possible..."
Everyone were stunned as they looked at the young figure who had exited from the spatial tunnel. Even with Gu Yuan"s calmness his face was still involuntarily filled with a disbelief. Although a Di State soul was not as shocking as a true elite Dou Di but it was ultimately related to the latter. It should be known that even the souls of those experts like Yan Jin and Lei Ying who had reached the eight star Dou Sheng class had yet to reach this level. Moreover all of them clearly remembered that half a month ago Xiao Yan"s soul was still at the perfect Heavenly State.
Half a month. What could be done in half a month? A brief period of training could swiftly exhaust half a month"s time. Yet Xiao Yan"s Spiritual Strength had undergone an overwhelming transformation within this half a month!
Xiao Yan who had just returned from the Heavenly Tomb involuntarily shook his head as he looked at his surroundings which had suddenly become completely silent. Although only half a month had passed in the outside world two...
Chapter 1602: Dispatchment of the Army
"Young Miss young master Xiao Yan it is time."
The elderly face of Ling Ying wore a smile as he stood in front of the bamboo house and looked at the tightly shut door. His voice was soft as he called out.
"Creak."
The door squeak and Xiao Yan slowly walked out from the room. The energy around the place seemed to have been vaguely disturbed after he stepped forward. Those deep dark black eyes appeared as though it was a divine being that ruled over the souls. Ling Ying involuntarily bowed lower under the scanning of those eyes. The pleased expression on the corner of his mouth became increasingly dense. In the distant past the young man had still appeared a little tender. Yet he had reached the peak within a short few decades. Even Ling Ying could only look up to him.
"Young miss"s eyesight is extremely good..." Ling Ying smiled warmly. He lifted his head and looked at the beauty quietly standing beside the young man. It was as though this brightest pearl of the Gu clan would hide her dazzling brilliance only beside Xiao Yan and...
Chapter 1603: Burial Sky Mountain Range
The Burial Sky Mountain Range stood at the north-western region of the Central Plains. It was likely that many on the current continent were unfamiliar with this region. However it was extremely well known to some of the older generation of the ancient clans. This was because this place was where the Hun and Xiao clans had fought back then. The big war had once shook the entire Central Plains.
There was an ancient battlefield deep within the mountain range. The battlefield was extremely vast and there was usually many Magical Beasts present. It could be considered a dangerous place. Hence it appeared a little desolated.
The ancient battlefield today appeared somewhat mysterious. Those Magical Beasts which used to roam unchecked had completely disappeared. It was actually impossible to find even a single Magical Beast on this huge battlefield. That scene appeared as though they had detected an earthshaking big battle that was about to erupt in this place.
"Swoosh swoosh!"
A series of loud rushing wind sound suddenly resounded over the mountain range which all was absent of all beast roars....
Chapter 1604: Father-Son Reunion
The entire place was completely silent. Only the elderly voice which caused one to feel an endless amount of sadness reverberated across the sky.
Xiao Yan was still a weak youth when they had separated back then. However that separation at that time had lasted for decades. Hatred filled the youth"s heart during this long period of time. He had trained with all his might escaping from death time and time again while breaking through his limit...
All of it was merely to rescue his father who had once doted on him and allow the latter to once again enjoy life in his old age.
Gu Yuan and the others became quiet as he looked at the somewhat skinny young man in the air. They knew quite a lot about Xiao Yan"s past. Hence they clearly understood just how much effort and sacrifice he had put in. An ordinary person was only able to see his extraordinary achievement. However they had forgotten just how many life and death battles were hidden under this glaring achievement...
"This fellow is really a man. No one in my Lei clan can compare with ...
Chapter 1605: Big Battle
Killing desire suddenly surged within the eyes of Lei Ying Huo Jin and the rest after Xiao Yan"s words sounded. The energy around them began to fluctuated intensely.
"Set up the formation!"
A couple of stern cries resounded throughout the sky at almost the same time. Those from the Gu clan Yan clan Lei clan and even the Hun clan began to activate their formations with lightning like speed. Terrifying Dou Qi pillars charged to the clouds from all directions. The mighty aura caused the hearts of those observers outside of the mountain range to tremble. They repeatedly rejoiced that they had not charge in. Otherwise they would likely perish in the face of such a violent big battle.
"It seems that all of you are indeed unwilling to give up..."
The smile on Hun Tiandi"s face was slowly withdrawn as he stood in the sky. He once again transformed into that seemingly cheerful indifferent manner. He lowered his head to look at Xiao Yan"s group. It seemed that he was unsurprised at their sudden attack. He also understood that Yu Yuan Xiao Yan and the others would definitely not simply sit back and watch their Hun clan...
Chapter 1606: Hun Yuantian
Xiao Yan did not pay much attention on Hun Mie Tian after killing him in a quick and simple manner. With Hun Mie Tian"s strength he did not possess much of a threat towards Xiao Yan. After his Spiritual Strength had stepped into the Di State Xiao Yan was already able to completely overlook Hun Mie Sheng.
Xiao Yan flicked his finger gently. He glanced at the corpse with hollow eyes in front of him in an indifferent manner. With a wave of his hand he directly shatter the corpse. After which he frowned and looked at the chaotic battleground in the sky. This was the first time Xiao Yan had seen a war on such scale. The terrifying strength that the Hun clan had displayed had once again caused Xiao Yan"s face to become grave. The alliance force present was a combination of the Gu clan Lei clan Yan clan and the Sky Mansion Alliance. The number of experts present had reached a relatively spectacular level. Despite this they still appeared to be in a stalemate.
Xiao Yan"s eyes swept over the battleground. After which he lifted his head and looked at the black fog which permeated...
Chapter 1607: Deathly Silence Gate
"It is not up to you to decide who should live and who should die!"
Xiao Yan involuntarily laughed coldly after seeing Hun Yuantian rushing over in a flash. His hand which was grabbing onto Hun Feng increased its strength. The latter was also struggling crazily.
"Xiao Yan ancestor will not let you off!"
Hun Feng"s expression was purple. He viciously stared at Xiao Yan. Suddenly his body began to swell intensely. The Dou Qi within his body also became wild and violent.
"Self-destruct huh..." Xiao Yan"s expression did not change after he saw this scene. He suddenly increased the strength of his arm. A crack sound appeared and he directly broke Hun Feng"s neck. Although Hun Feng"s neck was broken his body continued to swell rapidly. Finally it emitted a "bang". An earthshaking energy storm exploded along with a bloody fog.
The blood fog slowly scattered before disappearing. However Xiao Yan"s body continued to float in the sky. His vast and mighty Spiritual Strength had formed an invisible barrier around him. The attack that Hun Feng had created from self-destructing did not cause him any harm.
"Chi!"
Xiao Yan"s eyes...
Chapter 1608: Taking For His Own
Black Qi lingered over the large gate. Lin Dong sat down. His eyes were filled with ridicule as he observed Hun Yuantian in front of him whose eyes had turned blood red almost immediately. If this fellow had come and fight him after trapping him in the Deathly Silence Gate it might be possible to suppress Xiao Yan a little. However this person ended up being too arrogant and chose to ignore Xiao Yan thinking that the death Qi within Deathly Silence Gate was sufficient to gradually weaken Xiao Yan. Who could have expected that the death Qi was not only unable to block the Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame but even the soul stone he hid within the Deathly Silence Gate had been found by Xiao Yan...
The spiritual stone could be considered to be the most important thing within the Deathly Silence Gate. Hun Yuantian had also hid it extremely well. However he had forgotten that Xiao Yan whose soul had stepped into the Di State only needed to think about it in order to probe every part of the entire Deathly Silence Gate. Regardless of how well the spiritual stone was hidden it would appear in front of Xiao Yan"s probing.
With the spiritual stone being found and...
Chapter 1609: Breaking Through the Realm
"The Deathly Silence Gate had been stolen?"
The three skinny old men"s expression became extremely gloomy after hearing Hun Yuantian"s words. One of them involuntarily chided "Hun Yuantian we have prepared for so many years in order to form four Deathly Silence Gate. Yet you have actually lost one of them in such a short amount of time?"
Hun Yuantian"s expression was volatile. His heart was also filled with fury. He did not expect just a small misjudgement on his part had actually given Xiao Yan an opportunity. The formation that they had currently formed was a great formation that was renown throughout the continent for its ferocity. Only by creating four Deathly Silence Gate would it be possible to create a deathly world. Those experts who were trapped inside it would completely be enveloped by the endless deathly aura and gradually die. This was even if they were seven or eight star elite Dou Shengs.
If this formation was successfully activated it would definitely be able to cause the alliance army to suffer a terrible loss. However no one had expected that something like this would appear at this...
Chapter 1610: Withdraw
Warm sunlight came pouring down from the sky like a waterfall. Under the warm sunlight the deathly aura that permeated the place had also quickly disappeared...
Lei Ying and the rest finally sighed in relief after the surrounding deathly aura had completely vanished. They lifted their eyes and looked around. Currently they were still in the Burial Mountain Range. However no life had remained in the current mountain range. Clearly all life had been eroded by the deathly aura from earlier.
A black mass of experts from the Hun clan stood in the sky a short distance from the alliance. Their eyes revealed a ferocious glow as they stared at the alliance army. However the expressions of some of the upper echelons amongst them were quite ugly. Clearly they did not expect that this so called ultimate killing formation was actually unable to cause much harm to the alliance army.
"What happened? Why has the Death World been destroyed with such ease?" The expression of the Nihility Devouring Flame quickly became gloomy. He looked at Hun Yuantian"s group and demanded furiously.
Hun Yuantian"s group could only smile...
Chapter 1611: Plan
"How hateful they had still managed to escape..."
Lei Ying and the others clenched their teeth with great dissatisfaction as they looked at the place where the black hole had disappeared. It was unexpected that even the three great clans and the Sky Mansion Alliance were actually unable to to retain the Hun clan...
"The strength that the Hun clan had displayed had far exceed what we knew about them in the past." Yan Jin"s expression was grave. From a certain point of view the current Hun clan is no longer something that any single faction could fight against alone. Even the Gu clan was unable to do so. It was precisely because of this that the danger he felt in his heart had increased. If the three clans had not cooperated it was likely that they would be finished off by the Hun clan one at a time. Their fate would likely be no different for the Yao Ling and Shi clan.
"The Hun clan has hidden too deeply during these years..." Gu Yuan whose hair was in a mess had a face that was also unusually grave. They always thought that even if the Gu clan was unable to defeat the Hun clan with its strength...
Chapter 1612: Serenity
After the alliance army withdrew back to the Sky Mansion Alliance the entire Central Plains had undoubtedly turned into an uproar. The three great ancient clans and the overlord of the Central Plains the Sky Mansion Alliance. This alliance army was so powerful that one could not describe it with words. Any faction would be turned into dust under the might of this army.
This shock which caused everyone to panic did not last for long before the news of the all out war between the alliance army and the Hun clan was spread. After all the big battle between the alliance army and the Hun clan at the Burial Mountain Range was really far too earthshaking. It was impossible for that kind of big war not to attract attention. Hencethe moment the big battle ended and the alliance army withdrew news of the battle began to spread to every corner of the Central Plains.
Some of the factions which had some conflict with the Sky Mansion Alliance quietly sighed in relief after hearing that the target of the alliance army was the Hun clan. Soon after however they could sense the most terrifying storm in a thousand years would soon sweep over the Central Plains with their sharp senses....
Chapter 1613: Lightning Tribulation Pill
Xiao Yan stood in front of a tomb that was standing alone on a plains deep within the Heavenly Tomb. He bowed respectfully towards the tomb before lifting his head. His eyes looked around him. There were many energy bodies present around the plains. However they did not step anywhere within ten thousand feet from Xiao Yan. Moreover there was respect and fear in their eyes as they looked at Xiao Yan.
Even if one did not mention the fact that Xiao Yan was currently the owner of the Heavenly Tomb just the fact that the latter"s soul had stepped into the Di State was sufficient to cause these energy bodies to shudder in fear.
These energy bodies could be considered the natives of this Heavenly Tomb. Most of these people were relatively powerful existences when they were alive. However that was when they were still alive. At this moment they were merely some energy bodies that could only survive by relying on the mysterious Heavenly Tomb.
Xiao Yan had also deeply observed them. There was a total of over a dozen of them who had reached the Dou Sheng class. Unfortunately none of them possessed a strength comparable...
Chapter 1614: Seven Star Dou Sheng
Xiao Yan"s expression was pleased as he looked at the fire cauldron and stood up. The pill refinement this time around had once again allowed him to feel the great strength of his Di State soul. If this had been in the past he would have to exhaust himself greatly in order to refine this Lightning Calamity Pill. Moreover the most important thing was that there was no guarantee of his success after this exhaustion.
"Bang!"
The fire cauldron in the sky above began to churned intensely after Xiao Yan stood up. It vaguely gathered into a lightning cloud. Traces of black thunderbolt appeared just like huge dragons as they shuttled through the churning cloud in the sky.
"Pill Lightning huh..."
Xiao Yan smiled upon seeing this scene. He did not appear concern. All he did was to wave his hand and the Northern King rushed out from within his Storage Ring. It directly turned into a black shadow that charged into the lightning cloud. Immediately the lightning rumbled in the sky. It was possible to vaguely see the many thunderbolts in the sky rushing crazily towards a human figure.
This kind of lightning roar continued for around ten minutes or so before...
Chapter 1615: Probing The Ancient God Mansion
A figure stood with his hands behind his back on the mountain. He lifted his head to look at the Nihility Devouring Flame in the sky and smiled faintly. His white clothed caused him to stand out in this seemingly dark and sinister monotonous space. However no one dared to question this uniqueness. Everyone"s eyes were filled with excitement and respect when looking at him.
This person was clearly the clan head of the Hun clan Hun Tiandi.
Hun Tiandi took a stride forward and appeared in front of the Nihility Devouring Flame in the sky. He carefully observed the latter before laughing "Not bad. We have finally allowed you to reach the Di State soul after spending such a great amount of effort."
"Ha ha."
The Nihility Devouring Flame also involuntarily laughed out loud. An existence like him would usually have an extremely difficult time training his soul to the Di State. Fortunately the Hall of Soul had refined many Spiritual Essence during this years. By using this incomparably large essence strength his soul was forcefully being pushed up. However the...
Chapter 1616: The Location of the Ancient God Mansion
Xiao Yan looked at Xiao Zhan who was playing with Xiao Xiao within the courtyard. He smiled slightly as he heard the old and young laughter. Perhaps it was because there was a blood relation between them but after this period of familiarization Xiao Xiao had clearly become a little familiar with this grandfather who was a stranger. Her joyous manner completely did not treat him as an outsider.
"Teacher is there any news of the Hun clan?" Xiao Yan turned his head around after glancing at the courtyard. He looked at Yao Lao under the stone pavilion and asked.
Yao Lao held the teacup and took a gently sip. Immediately he frowned and nodded.
"Father has been monitoring the Hun clan realm during this period of time. However there was no signs of a large group of people entering and leaving. There has been hardly anyone who had left the Hun clan alone. We have also completely cut off these Hun clan members who had appeared alone. However we did not obtain any useful news." Xun Er by the side softly said.
Xiao Yan also knitted his brow tightly. Logically speaking the Hun clan should not be acting in such a...
Chapter 1617: Calamity of the Black-Corner Region
The outer regions of the Black-Corner Region.
Dozens of black robed figures quietly advanced on the mountain road. A moment later they paused just beyond the edge of the mountain road where a gate was situation.
"Who is it? This place is my Demon Blade Gate"s mountain gate. All passerby should hurry up and leave!"
Over a dozen people guarding the mountain quickly lifted their ghost blades in their hands after this group of somewhat strange individuals paused in front of the gate. A fierce glint flashed across their eyes as they spoke in a stern voice.
"The Black-Corner Region is beyond this place right?" The leader of the group of black robed individual spoke in a faint elderly voice.
"Humph since you are aware that it is the Black-Corner Region why don"t you hurry up and get lost? This is not a place that anyone can simply barge in!" A strong man at the gate who appeared to be the leader let out a cold snort.
"It looks like we have come to the right place..."
The leader involuntarily laughed after hearing this. He slowly lifted his head and revealed an indifferent face under those black robes. His bone like hand was extended from his sleeve as he spoke in an indifferent...
Chapter 1618: Arrive In Time
Su Qian and the rest had a drastic change in expression after they heard the cold cry that was filled with murderous intent from the black robed person in the sky.
"Send the signal. Inform the Xiao Gate!" Su Qian cried out in a deep voice. These people had an unknown origin but they were extremely powerful. Many of them were people whom even he could not see through.
"Swoosh!"
Hu Jia by the side nodded her pretty head in a grave manner. A signal flare was swiftly shot out from her finger before it exploded in the sky. Rushing wind sound appeared in the distance the moment the signal was unleashed. Soon after dozens of figures flew out and appeared in the sky.
"First Elder Su Qian what is the matter?" The leader who had hurried over was a middle-aged large man. His expression was cold and stern as he started at the black robed individuals in the sky. They were the guards from the Xiao Gate which had been stationed at the Jia Nan Academy. Hence they were able to quickly hurry over the moment they received the signal.
"There is some trouble."
Su Qian spoke in a deep voice. Immediately he stared at those people in black robes in the sky cupped his hands together and asked "Friends may I know just...
Chapter 1619: Reunion of Old Friends
The entire place was silent. Many pairs of eyes containing various emotions were stunned as they looked at the black figure standing on the head of the statue. A breeze blew and the black robe fluttered. Black hair scattered above the figure"s head. It was a simple and ordinary back but this back seemed to be as mighty and heavy as a mountain in the eyes of those present...
"Xiao Yan..."
The eyes of Su Qian and the others were extremely stunned as they paused on the black clothed figure. A moment later their originally hopeless hearts once again become excited. Were they going to be saved today?
"It is really him..."
Xiao Yu covered her red lips with her hand. Although it had been over a decade since she had last saw him that familiar back was still something that she was accustomed to. However this back seemed to be even steadier than it was back then.
"Senior sister... is that the legendary senior Xiao Yan? He is really powerful. Even Old Qian and Old Bai was unable to stop that person from earlier. Yet he had simply killed that person with a single strike..."
The large crowd suddenly emitted many voices after it was quiet for a moment. All the gazes were filled with a brilliance as they looked...
Chapter 1620: Re-entering the Magma World
Everyone make some brief introductions within the Meeting Room before taking their seats.
"There have already been many factions within the Black-Corner Region which had been turned into a bloodbath by the Hall of Soul. However those fellows have already been eliminated." Xiao Yan looked at everyone before he slowly opened his mouth and said.
The face of Su Qian"s group involuntarily twitched upon hearing this. Given these people"s terrifying strength it was not impossible to exterminate the entire Black-Corner Region.
"The Black-Corner Region does not have a great enmity with them does it?" Su Qian laughed bitterly. The Hall of Soul was a faction of the Central Plains. There is seldom any interaction between this place and the Central Plains. Hence they were unable to imagine why the Hall of Soul would do such a thing.
Xiao Yan exchanged glances with Mang Tian Chi before nodding his head. After which he opened his mouth and summarised the occurrence on the Central Plains. This also included the current fight between the alliance and the Hun clan...
"You are really extraordinary. In over a decade you have actually already...
Chapter 1621: The Space At The Bottom Of The Magma
A red flame surged within the magam. Xiao Yan crossed his arms over his chest. He looked at the densely packed mysterious creatures around him and laughingly said "Since there is a guardian may I inquire about what it is guarding?"
"Human leave immediately or die!"
The two densely white fire lizard people"s eyes were filled with an icy chill as they stared at Xiao Yan. Those words that they were unfamiliar with were slowly spoken by them.
The surrounding lizard people revealed some ferocity within their eyes after the words of those two sounded. Their scales had become much darker.
Xiao Yan had a calm expression. His face was not altered because of the surging murderous intent around him. If he had met with this lineup back then it was likely that he would have been terrified to death. Now however... two mere Ban Shengs and a group of insignificant experts did not pose the least bit of threat against him.
"I will definitely head to the bottom of the magma today!"
Xiao Yan laughed softly....
Chapter 1622: Mysterious Creature
Bright fire light shone on this space which seemed to have been in darkness for ten thousand years. However Xiao Yan involuntarily felt a chill over his body despite the light from the flame. The source of this chill seemed to be the enormous creature that was present in the dark space below!
It was an indescribably huge creature that lay within the dark empty space without moving. Xiao Yan"s sight shifted along its body. However he was still unable to see an end to its body when his sight was blocked by the darkness in the distance...
This mysterious creature was completely purple-gold in colour. Icy cold scales covered its body. A kind of hard steel like feeling rose from it.
Xiao Yan was floated in the empty space. His eyes were unable to see the creature in its entirety. One could imagine just how unbelievably large this creature was. It was the first time that Xiao Yan had seen a body of this size after all these years!
Even though his decades of experience had allowed Xiao Yan to maintain a great control of himself he still felt greatly shocked...
Chapter 1623: Conversation
"Bang!"
The sound of magma exploding suddenly resounded across the tunnel that led to the underground magma world at the bottom of the Blazing Sky Qi Refining Tower. Immediately a somewhat miserable figure charged out from the magma in front of the stunned gazes of Xun Er"s group.
"Xiao Yan ge-ge!"
Xun Er hurried forward. Her expression changed drastically upon seeing that figure.
"I"m fine." Xiao Yan"s body flashed and landed. He wiped off the trace of blood remaining on the corner of his mouth. Those eyes of his were solemn as they looked at the magma tunnel. He involuntarily clenched his fist. It was unexpected that there was actually such a terrifying existence at the bottom of the magma.
"What happened?" Su Qian Mang Tian Chi and the rest exclaimed. They were also startled by this appearance of Xiao Yan. All of them were clearly aware of Xiao Yan"s strength. Yet even he was turned into such a miserable state. Just what kind of terrifying thing was at the bottom of the magma?
"Old Mang inform clan head Gu Yuan and the rest that the news is confirmed..." Xiao Yan spoke in a deep voice with a solemn expression.
Mang Tian Chi"s face twitched...
Chapter 1624: Arrival of a Big Battle
Jia Nan Academy.
Many students came and went along a big road with trees lined by the side. The energy unique to the young men and women spread across the forest. They were completely unaware of the big battle that was about to arrive. Hence they did not panic. Their conversations were all related to the scene when Xiao Yan had appeared back then. The tone they used was filled with admiration and excitement.
Xiao Yan was lying on a tall tree in his rare relaxed moment. He looked at the azure sky while his mouth was chewing onto a grass which gradually filled it with some bitterness. It had been many years since he was able to quietly lie in the academy and watch the sky.
"It has been many years..."
Xiao Yan shut his eyes and involuntarily sighed quietly. Now that he thought about it the scene of his training within this Jia Nan Academy back then was still fresh in his mind. Yet in the blink of an eye he was already no longer the youth from back then...
"It has indeed been many years..."
A soft voice was suddenly transmitted from beside Xiao Yan"s ears. He opened his eyes and looked at the...
Chapter 1625: Battle for the Mansion
The black cloud covered the sky which seemed to have turned dim in an instant. Monstrous like aura spread in the black cloud and reverberated across this place. It caused the land to shake slightly.
There were presently still many people and faction remaining in the Black-Corner Region. Although Xiao Yan and the others had already warned them these people did not choose to leave. Most of those who could survive in the Black-Corner Region were heartless and bold individuals. Hence it was naturally not easy to get them to abandon the territory that they had fought for many years with just a few words.
Xiao Yan and the others simply left things as it was after their warning was unheeded. They would naturally regret it when the time come.
The Xiao Gate had also been sent into the Heavenly Tomb early on. Regardless of what the situation was this was after all a faction he had established back then. He would naturally not hold back if he could help them.
Hence the current Black-Corner Region was much emptier as compared to before. Although some stubborn fellows refused to leave there were also some decisive individuals. After all the massacre that had happened a...
Chapter 1626: One Against Two
"Hun Yuantian?"
Xiao Yan merely smiled as he saw the two old men whose body were covered with a rich deathly aura. One of them was Hun Yuantian whose Deathly Silence Gate had been snatched by Xiao Yan back then.
"Little bastard you have ruins the plans of my Hun clan. You must definitely die today!"
Hun Yuan Tian"s eyes were vicious as they stared at Xiao Yan. Back then Xiao Yan had taken advantage of his carelessness to snatch the Deathly Silence Gate causing the Death World to completely collapse. This had resulted in the Hun clan"s army to have no choice but to retreat. If it was not because of the current critical state of affairs it was likely that he would be seriously punished for making such a big mistake even though he was considered a veteran.
Even though this was the case he was still frequently reprimanded by Hun Tiandi during this period of time. Naturally his hatred towards Xiao Yan was currently quite intense.
Xiao Yan simply curled his mouth in the face of Hun Yuantian"s vicious words. Immediately he glanced at the two people in front of him. A grave expression flashed across his eyes. The Hun clan had directly dispatched two eight star Dou Shengs to hold...
Chapter 1627: Appearance of the Mansion
Giant waves was suddenly formed on the spacious magma sea. A ten thousand feet large whirlpool was slowly formed on the surface of the sea of magma. There seemed to be something appearing from the end of the whirlpool. A kind of mysterious fluctuation rippled throughout the place.
The unexpected occurrence that had happened on the magma attracted the attention of many. Immediately a shocked expression surged on their faces.
Xiao Yan"s eyes were grave as they looked at the churning magma whirlpool below. A rich caution rose deep within his eyes. He did not forget that there was a mysterious creature guarding the Ancient God Mansion. If that thing came charging out there was no predicting what kind of drastic change would occur in this battle.
"Chi!"
While Xiao Yan had poured all of his attention into staring at the magma whirlpool the space a short distance behind him suddenly shook. A miserable old figure appeared. The dense deathly aura which had originally covered his body had faded greatly. Clearly he was seriously injured.
"He is actually still alive?"
Xiao Yan...
Chapter 1628: Crisis
The bright red magma seemed to have devoured the world. At a glance it appeared as though the entire world was filled by a hundred thousand feet magma. A terrifyingly high temperature had turned this entire world into a furnace.
Both armies were forced to hastily withdraw because of the monstrous huge magma wave. Many pairs of eyes were shocked as they looked under the magma. At this moment even they were able to sense an extremely terrifying creature hidden under the sea of magma.
Gu Yuan and Hun Tiandi had also halted because of this scene. Their eyes cautiously looked towards the magma sea. Even they could sense a danger under its powerful aura.
"It seems that Xiao Yan is indeed right. There is indeed a mysterious creature guarding the Ancient God Mansion..." Gu Yuan"s face was solemn as his eyes flickered.
"Rumble!"
The magma waterfall that rose to the air descended abruptly and landed into the magma sea. It turned into a huge wave that quickly spread apart and covered the distant mountain.
With the fall of the giant wave a huge creature suddenly rose from within the sea of magma. Although it was only...
Chapter 1629: Old Dragon Emperor
The purple-gold light seal was suspended over the huge dragon"s head. Even Zi Yan could only shut her eyes in the face of the great destructive force. However when she was prepared to endure this sudden extermination like assault when the light seal came to a sudden halt...
Panting sound suddenly appeared across the sky as everyone watched the still light seal above the huge dragon"s head. Some of the experts from the Hun clan revealed disappointed expressions.
"Bastard!"
Gu Yuan"s expression had become relatively ugly. He clenched his teeth and his body flashed. After which he gave up on dealing with Hun Tiandi and appeared in front of the mysterious person. He waved his sleeve and a powerful wind forced Zi Yan and Xiao Yan back. Both of his eyes contained some fury as he looked at the mysterious person in front of him and demanded in a deep voice "Aren"t you a little overboard to use a fatal attack the moment you strike?"
That mysterious person acted as though he did not hear Gu Yuan"s words. His eyes were stunned as they stared at the large golden dragon wrapped around Xiao Yan. He could sense an extremely familiar bloodline scent from within the golden dragon"s body...
That was a bloodline from the same ancestry....
Chapter 1630: Ancient God Mansion Appears
The alliance army became stunned as they saw a monstrous ferocious aura once again surging onto the middle-aged man. On the Hun clan"s side their originally gloating expression had immediately become ugly...
"Your majesty the former dragon emperor is it really you?"
At this moment Elder Zhu Luo"s whose mind was blurry had finally awaken. He had also found a face similar to the person in front of him from his distant memory. Immediately his body trembled continuously from the excitement. Even his old tears had begun to flow.
"Hee I have thought that you have completely forgotten about this emperor..." The middle-aged man smiled and remarked after heading this.
"This little fellow don"t dare to do so."
Elder Zhu Huo shook his head repeatedly. Although his external appearance seemed even older he understood that he was merely a youth back when Zi Yan"s father was in charge of the Ancient Void Dragon tribe.
The other Elders of the ancient dragon tribe looked at each other. Excitement surged within their eyes. No one had expected the the previous dragon emperor who was rumoured to be missing would actually still be alive in this world. With this being...
Chapter 1631: Heavenly Flame Square
A faint fog enveloped around this mysterious space causing the entire area to appear misty.
This space was completely quiet. That manner was as though it had been quiet for eons.
A piece of land floated in this seemingly vast and boundaryless space. The land was suspended in the air without any support. It appeared just like a pavilion in the air.
"Chi!"
The loneliness that had lasted for a long time had finally been broken today. The misty space had suddenly become distorted. Immediately a huge spatial tunnel appeared. Soon after many figures suddenly rushed out from within. Finally they landed on that plot of land.
"Is this the Ancient God Mansion?" Xiao Yan"s body had just landed on the ground when his eyes hurriedly swept around him. However he was stunned to discover that even with the great strength of his Di State soul he was actually unable to probe beyond a ten thousand feet radius. Clearly this place imposed quite a great pressure towards Spiritual Strength.
Xun Er Cai Lin and the rest had also swiftly appeared beside Xiao Yan. Their eyes revealed a cautious expression as they watched this...
Chapter 1632: Terrifying Di Tier Embryonic Pill
This thought had just rose from his head when it swiftly spread to every part of Xiao Yan"s body and he could no longer escape from it.
"Hu..."
Xiao Yan inhaled a deep breath of air. He suppressed the great shock within his heart. If he guessed correctly this Tou She Ancient God was really terrifying. Other than the first ranked Heavenly Flame on the Heavenly Flame Ranking all the other
"These Heavenly Flames might possess their original Heavenly Flame essence but it appears as though all of its energy had disappeared. Currently they are merely ordinary flames with their original forms..." Xiao Yan"s eyes swept over those towering stone pillars behind him and involuntarily felt somewhat regretful. If it was possible to devour and refine them it was likely that his strength would reach a relatively terrifying extent.
Swallowing twenty types of Heavenly Flames together. It was likely that hardly anyone past or present had been able to do it.
Little Yi sat on Xiao Yan"s shoulder. Its small face was a little complicated. It looked at the second stone pillar and the expression on its small face was a little...
Chapter 1633: Snatching the Di Tier Embryonic Pill
"Bang bang!"
A terrifying extermination like ripple surged across the entire place from the sky. Its aura appeared as though it intended to destroy the world.
Xiao Yan had a solemn expression as he stared at the chaotic battleground. A flicker was present in his eyes.
Everyone present had underestimated the strength of the Di tier embryonic pill. Originally Zhu Kun thought that with both Gu Yuan and him cooperating they should be able to subdue it within a short period of time. After exchanging blows however he finally discovered that he was too optimistic. Additionally with Hun Taindi and the Nihility Devouring Flame entering the body both parties ended up interrupting each other during the critical junctures. In this way it had allowed the situation to become even more chaotic.
Fortunately this kind of chaos worked both ways. Zhu Kun and Gu Yuan might be unable to successfully subdue the Di tier embryonic pill but Hun Tiandi and the Nihility Devouring Flame did not have the opportunity to do so either. The Nihility Devouring Flame whose strength was the weakest amongst the four of them had even been attacked by both Zhu Kun and Gu Yuan for...
Chapter 1634: Fail
This sudden action of Hun Tiandi exceeded everyone"s expectations. Even the Nihility Devouring Flame who was standing behind had a change in expression. Immediately his expression became a little gloomy. Everyone wanted to obtain the Di tier embryonic pill. However no one expected that Hun Tiandi would swallow it in such a reckless manner...
"Bastard!"
Zhu Kun"s and Gu Yuan"s expressions became dark and solemn after seeing this scene. A rich murderous intent surged in their eyes as he coldly cried out :
"Hun Tiandi you are asking to die!"
"Ha ha seeking death? That is not guaranteed!"
Hun Tiandi laughed towards the sky upon hearing this. The smile on his face became a little mysterious. At this moment brilliant light began to rise from within his body. The injuries caused by the combined attacks of Gu Yuan and Zhu Kun was completely healed in an instant. Waves after waves of frightening energy ripples slowly seeped out from within his body.
The expressions of Gu Yuan and Zhu Kun were once again altered after they detected the aura within Hun Tiandi"s body which had suddenly become many times stronger.
"The energy of the embryonic pill had begun to erupt. His strength will...
Chapter 1635: The Ambition of Hun Tiandi
The alliance army filled one"s eyes within the mountain range covered with chilly winds. At this moment Gu Yuan and the rest had a somewhat ugly expression as they stood in front of a ruins around a huge door. It was possible to detect a vague spatial fluctuation from this mess.
"The path to the Hun realm had already been destroyed..." Gu Yuan"s expression was gloomy. He glanced at everyone before he spoke "Additionally base on my probing the Hun realm has already been hidden. It looks like they were prepared."
Xiao Yan gently exhaled. His expression was grave. It was unexpected that the current situation would be so severe. The Hun clan had completely hide their realm. In this way even Gu Yuan was unable to find their position within a short while. Although it was impossible for the Hun clan to continue hiding like this forever all they needed to do was to hide until Hun Tiandi refine that Di tier embryonic pill. At that time the alliance army had already completely fell into a disadvantage.
"We have already dispatched people to probe the other...
Chapter 1636: The Calamity of the Central Plains
"Hiss!"
Everyone present inhaled a deep breath of cool air after hearing Gu Yuan"s words. A shock surged within their eyes.
Creating a Di tier medicinal pill? Who in this world had the ability to do such a thing? Hun Tiandi was not an alchemist. How could he refine it?
"The medicinal pill has an embryonic form meaning most important step in a pill refinement was completed by the Tou She Ancient God. If Hun Tiandi is able to finish the final pill forming step it is not impossible for this Di tier embryonic pill to become a true Di tier medicinal pill." Xiao Yan licked his lips and slowly explained.
"We have indeed underestimate Hun Tiandi"s wild ambition. Although the Di tier embryonic pill is powerful there are only some chance of success in allowing him to breakthrough to the Dou Di clas. However if he refined the Di tier embryonic pill into a true Di tier medicinal pill he would magnify this chance of success by many times. One can even say that as long as he possess an actual Di tier medicinal pill he would able to step across the barrier...
Chapter 1637: First On the Heavenly Flame Ranking
"Creating a Dou Di?"
The air seemed to have solidified under Zhu Kun"s words. Even Gu Yuan could only widen his mouth. He was stunned as he looked at Gu Yuan in front of him.
The atmosphere had solidified for a long while. Only then did it show signs of easing up. After experiencing a lost feeling of one"s head ceasing to work everyone had finally recovered. Everyone felt it was a little ridiculous. Creating a Dou Di? Even though these words had originated from Zhu Kun"s mouth it still lacked trustworthiness. The whole world had not produced a single elite Dou Di during these tens of thousands of years. This allowed everyone to understand that the legendary level was too far to imagine.
"You are joking right?"
Yan Jin widened his mouth. His voice had involuntarily become a little dry. Although his words contained a feeling of complete disbelief some hope still rose within his heart for some unknown reason when he spoke.
Currently the situation of the alliance army could be described as being backed into a corner. Once Hun Tiandi advanced to the Dou Di class they would lose all opportunity. That level was already something that...
Chapter 1638: Di Essence
"The Tou She Ancient God... is the Heavenly Flame ranked first on the Heavenly Flame Ranking..."
The Heavenly Flame square had once again become completely silent. The expressions of everyone had become unusually interesting. Clearly they were shaken by this extremely unbelievable information to the point where they could not recover.
Zhu Kun was also aware of the shock in everyone"s heart. He did not speak. All he did was to lift his head and look at the huge stone statue. His expression was somewhat complicated. No one could imagine that the last elite Dou Di on this Dou Qi continent was neither a human nor a Magical Beast. Instead it was a flame born in the world...
"Gulp..."
Suddenly someone violently swallowed a mouthful of saliva on the quiet square. The remaining individuals had also began to wake one after another. All of them exchanged glances. Their eyes were filled with disbelief.
"Brother Zhu Kun is what you say the truth?" Gu Yuan steadiness had also diminished because of the shock. He inhaled a couple of deep breaths and said.
"If we count by age all of you can be considered to be from my...
Chapter 1639: Ancient Di Inheritance
Xiao Yan looked at the light pillar which had covered him. His face was covered with a lost expression. Due to some unknown reason he could vaguely sense that the Dou Qi within his body had began to fluctuate in a strange fashion. That feeling was as though it had met something of the same origin...
"It is Heavenly Flame Dou Qi..."
Xiao Yan mused for a moment before his eyes flashed. He came to a sudden comprehension. The Dou Qi within his body was tempered by the swallowing of many Heavenly Flames using the Flame Mantra. This kind of characteristic was similar to that of the Tou She Ancient God. After all the latter was a Heavenly Flame. It was not unbelievable for these to be such a feeling.
"Xiao Yan it seems that the inheritance of the Ancient God had chosen you..." Gu Yuan looked at the light pillar that covered Xiao Yan and his eyes involuntarily felt a sense of lost. Even he was unable to maintain his calmness in front of the inheritance of the Ancient God. After all he had also been chasing after that level for thousands of years.
However Gu Yuan understood that he was unable...
Chapter 1640: Origin Qi
Heavenly Tomb.
A huge square floated in the sky while a hundred thousand feet large stone statue stood on it. A faint pressure enveloped the entire Heavenly Tomb causing the many spiritual bodies within it to feel a horror that originated from within their souls.
Xiao Yan stood on the square. His eyes looked at the incomparably large Ancient God stone statue in front of him. He inhaled a deep breath of air before respectfully bowing towards the stone statue. After which his body slowly rose into the air. Finally he paused at the hole on the chest of the stone statue.
The surface of the hole was filled with a water ripple like faint luster. This light might appear weak but Xiao Yan did not dare to slight it. This was because this seemingly weak light had easily pressed experts like Gu Yuan and Zhu Kun onto their knees earlier.
Little Yi had also flashed and appeared on Xiao Yan"s shoulder at this moment. Purifying Demonic Lotus Flame surged and wrapped around his body.
"Success or defeat will be determined by this..." Xiao Yan muttered. A determined expression rose on his face as he stepped forward and directly strided...
Chapter 1641: Catastrophe
An excited expression involuntarily surged into Xiao Yan"s eyes as he looked at the brilliant lotus floating on the sea of fire. There was no longer any of the so called Origin Qi remaining in the current Dou Qi continent. This meant that there would no longer be anyone who could advance into the Dou Di class.
Hun Tiandi had obtained the Di tier embryonic pill. This had given him the opportunity to step into the Dou Di class. The only hope of Xiao Yan and the alliance army was this Ancient God inheritance.
There was only two ways remaining to advance into the Dou Di class in the current continent. This was because only the Di tier embryonic pill and the Ancient God inheritance contained the two remaining Origin Qi in this world!
"My inheritance requires one to have a stone like heart. As long as a single thread of thought exist one would never be destroyed!"
The Tou She Ancient God looked at the excited Xiao Yan. He smiled faintly and flicked his finger. That brilliant flame lotus slowly landed. Finally it was suspended above Xiao...
Chapter 1642- Hun Di (Dou Di) Hun Tiandi!
All live cease to exist in the face of this calamity.
The blood cloud covered the Central Plains for three months. However it did not show any signs of weakening.
During these three months the prosperous and lively Central Plains had become unusually messy and desolated. Everyone were in panic as they searched for safe places to hide. Many had even ventured underground in hopes that doing so would allow them to hide from this calamity.
Thick blood cloud covered the sky above the Central Plains. Dense revolting bloody stench permeated the air. The land was bright red. Viscous blood dyed the Central Plains until it became like the land of the demons.
u"Dense white bone drifted within the sea of blood. There appeared to be countless sharp screeches reverberating within the sky causing ones pores to stand."
Such a massacre was extremely rare even in the history of the Dou Qi continent. After all regardless of what kind of big battle erupted an ordinary person would most likely not intervene. However the Hun clan could be considered extremely heartless this time around. Their massacre would not stop because of anyone"s identity.
Many people became increasingly hopeless in their hearts as they looked at the blood cloud in the sky which left one"s heart cold. With more time passing...
Chapter 1643: The Strength of a Dou Di
"Hun Tiandi... he has succeeded..."
Gu Yuan"s and Zhu Kun"s expressions suddenly changed as they stood at the headquarters of the alliance. Their faces were filled with shock as they were lifted. They looked at the thick blood cloud outside of the defensive barrier. For the first time they could sense an aura which caused their souls to tremble at that spot.
That aura was something that only an elite Dou Di possessed!
The only person within the blood cloud who could become an elite Dou Di was naturally Hun Tiandi!
"Today is the day that I Hun Tiandi has gain the title of a god!"
A vast and mighty voice filled with a bloody scent descended from the sky and resounded over every corner of the Central Plains just as the expressions of Gu Yuan and Zhu Kun changed!
"Hun Tiandi!"
The area around the alliance headquarters immediately turned into an uproar after hearing this name which was currently regarded as a demon. Everyone suddenly stood up. Their faces were covered with horror as they looked towards the sky.
"Buzz buzz!"
A hurried warning siren sounded within the star realm while everyone were shocked. The alliance army rushed out from...
Chapter 1644: Coming Out of a Retreat!
Blood rain fell from the sky in all directions. The entire world seemed to have become scarlet at this moment.
"Is this the strength of an elite Dou Di..."
Even the heart of Gu Yuan involuntarily felt a deep helplessness after seeing such a terrifying attack being destroyed by Hun Tiandi with such ease. No wonder it was so difficult to reach this level. The gap between the both of them was just like two completely different worlds.
"You are actually fantasizing about being the world saviour with this strength of yours?"
Hun Tiandi"s scarlet eyes stared at Gu Yuan . His tone contained a faint mockery. He immediately waved his hand. A blood light spluttered from his hand. After which everyone saw that the mountain below and the countless experts on it were directly slaughtered. No one could escape or resist.
Everyone"s expressions once again changed upon seeing this ferocious technique of Hun Tiandi.
"This so called alliance army appeared extremely insignificant at this moment. Gu Yuan I have given you an opportunity back then. Unfortunately you did not grab hold of it." Hun Tiandi"s blood eyes stared at Gu Yuan as he slowly said.
"Let everything end here."
Hun Tiandi admired the many faces that contained horror and despair. Suddenly be felt a little lazy. The things that he had found troublesome...
Chapter 1645: Fight of the Two Dou Di (Part 1)
The brilliant flame was just like a fire cloud that spread within the empty air. A terrifying temperature rose in this place causing the sea of blood on the ground to quickly vaporize...
"Alliance chief! It"s alliance chief Xiao Yan!"
"The alliance chief has exited his retreat. We are saved!"
"All hail the alliance chief!"
This sudden flame protection caused everyone who were fleeing in panic to come to a halt. Many pairs of eyes were thrown towards the sky. Finally they gathered on a familiar figure within the brilliant flame. Immediately the faces of everyone revealed an excitement and wild joy. A deafening cheer resounded over this place. Many of them had even knelt down in their excitement. The hope after despair caused their faces which still had some lingering panic to tear from their great joy.
After the various battles Xiao Yan"s position in the hearts of everyone within the alliance was something that no one could match. Although Xiao Yan might be lacking in terms of age and experience everyone knew that it was precisely these seemingly weak shoulders that were supporting the entire alliance!
In the hearts of many members of the alliance that figure was one that would never fail!
This was a kind of cult like crazy devolution that they had towards Xiao Yan in their hearts!
This kind of craziness would clearly...
Chapter 1646: Fight of the two Dou Di (Part 2)
Blood lightning covered the sky. Hun Tiandi looked at Xiao Yan who did not show any signs of being at a disadvantage when facing his attacks. A gloomy expression flash across his eyes. This kind of stalemate fight was not something that he wished to see.
"Xiao Yan do not think that just because you have advance into the Dou Di class you will be able to fight against me!"
Hun Tiandi inhaled a breath of air. His eyes had suddenly become extremely grave. The blood lightning that filled the sky had weakened. Hun Tiandi suddenly widened his mouth in front of the many terrified eyes. A suction force erupted. The blood cloud that permeated the sky had actually turned into a blood light that charged into his mouth at this moment.
The thick blood cloud was gathered from the essence cloud of many people. However it was devoured by Hun Tiandi at this moment!
After the blood cloud which had covered the Central Plains for half a year was being devoured the warm sunlight once again came pouring down. Many people were a little excited as they looked at the somewhat glaring sunlight. Only after sensing the atmosphere of doomsday arriving did they realise just how precious those usually ordinary things were.
Of course they also understood that now was not the time to be excited. The battle in the sky which would determine the fate of the Dou Qi continenthad only just entered its intense sta...
Chapter 1647: Fight of the two Dou Di (Part 3)
"Hu..."
Xiao Yan inhaled a deep breath of air. His expression slowly became grave. If he was unable to receive it this time around it was likely that he would really die...
"Hun Tiandi you might be prepared but so am I!"
Xiao Yan stared at Hun Tiandi. His hand seal changed. After which he widened his mouth. Bright brilliant light shot out. Finally it soared with the wind. It actually turned into a square that appeared in the sky.
"Heavenly Flame Square?"
Gu Yuan and the rest were startled as they looked at the somewhat familiar thing. That thing was surprisingly the Heavenly Flame square that was taken out from the Ancient God Mansion. However those Heavenly Flame did not have much strength. They were mere tokens. Could it be that Xiao Yan was planning to rely on this to block Hun Tiandi"s formation?
The Heavenly Flame square floated in the sky. Xiao Yan"s body moved and appeared in the sky above the square. The brilliant flame seal on his brow suddenly danced intensely. An indescribable thought fluctuation spread from within the fire seal. It spread over the entire Dou Qi continent at an extremely terrifying speed!
"In the name of the flame Di all flames in the world listen to my command!"
Xiao Yan"s eyes were suddenly opened. Brilliant flame surged from within his body. A voice that filled with pressure resounded in a vast and mighty fashion over the entire Dou Qi continent.!
"The twenty-third rank on the Heavenly Flame ranking Mysterious Yellow Flame in position!"
Brilliant flame lingered around Xiao Yan"s body. He appeared like the emperor of all flames. After this cry sounded a loud explosion sounded from a...
Chapter 1648: The End Is Also A Beginning (End)
An incomparable battle had come to a close. However it had left behind a seriously damaged Central Plains. The original prosperity had vanished. Additionally the entire Central Plains had been split into two. A hundreds of thousand feet large deep abyss had split the it into two sections. This hundreds of thousands of feet huge deep abyss would be named the Two Di Abyss in the future. No one was able to forget the earthshaking battle that day...
The Central Plains had thus declined in prosperity. Fortunately the disaster had also come to a halt.
The decisive battle had naturally ended with the alliance army being victorious following Hun Tiandi being sealed. Although many in the Hun clan had become much stronger after Hun Tiandi advance into the Dou Di most of them had been used by Hun Tiandi as sacrifices to the blood blade before they could display this strength. The remaining people were a little desolates. Faced with being chased by the alliance army. They did not put up much resistance before surrendering.
Soon after the big battle came to end the alliance army invaded the Hun Realm for the first time. However the expected flourishing scene did not appear. After entering the Hun Realm all they could see was bright redness. The entire space was filled with death. There was hardly any trace of people.
The alliance army discovered a hundred thousand feet large blood pool at the middle of the Hun Realm. The blood inside was incomparably viscous. Densely packed corpses and bones were present in the blood pool. Only after seeing this did the alliance army understood why the Hun Realm was so empty.
This was because the people here seemed to have been thrown into this blood pool. Hun Tiandi had indeed sacrificed everything to achieve his aim...
This type of person caused one"s heart to be chilled and terrified. Everyone felt that it was lucky that someone was finally able to subdue such a lunatic.
Some of the remaining people inside the Hub Realm were also brought away. After which Gu Yuan and the rest joined hands to completely destroy this old hideout of the Hub clan. From that moment forth theso called Hun clan would cease to exist on the Central Plains...
Amongst the eight ancient clans only the Gu clan Yan clan and Lei clan still existed. Oh of course one must not forget the Xiao clan who Dou Di bloodline had been once again activated because of Xiao Yan progressing into the Dou Di class!
The so called Dou Di bloodline benefited those whose blood was most closely related to Xiao Yan the most. The most obvious effect was naturally that felt by Xiao Yan"s daughter Xiao Xiao. She had directly soared violently...
